Appliances	storm door swings wrong way. my storm door i just got swings in i need it to swing out
Appliances	What year is this machine? What's the value. I was wondering if u could tell me when this was made or model? It is electric. It
Appliances	Bryant 310AAV/JAV Furnace Codes 14 then 34. After considerable money and a lot of work, we were just ready to start showing my 
Appliances	40 gl state water heater problem. Added new assembly and gas valve stays on for few hrs than shuts off (6 yrs old water heater 
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher model #665.1703, Flashing light-won't start. I have a Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher. It will not 
Appliances	Washing Machine Repair. Miele W919 'Aquastop' Fill-Hose. The 'aquastop' fillhose (part number 4061331) on my Miele W919 washing
Appliances	service manual. where can I find a service&repair manual a whirlpool wall oven? mod.#rpd275prb00
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher model #665.1703, Flashing light-won't start. I have a Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher. It will not 
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer Error Code F21. My washer quit in the middle of a cycle and displays F21 error code. How do I fix this?
Appliances	I have a Kenmore 80 Series dryer that stops midway and doesn't get hot sometimes. I have a kenmore 80 series dryer that start a
Appliances	I have some old things in my home. Hello I have some old things that were left by my aunt.  I am not sure what most of the thin
Appliances	Coleman Evcon Furnace Price?. Hello, I have a Coleman/Evcon furnace, model # BGU07512A, I'm looking to sell. Unfortunately, I d
Appliances	Kenmore Dryer 90 series. Where is the thermal fuse
Appliances	GE 6-Slice Convection Toaster Oven with Rotisserie Model # 168947. Hi Guys:  Thanks for your help in this matter!  Last week we
Appliances	Rainsoft EC4 Regeneration. How long does it cycle?. It seems when the system cycles that it takes forever. How long should it t
Appliances	Pink '59 GE Wall Oven Element troubles..... When I turn the oven to bake, the top element comes on instead of the bottom. The b
Appliances	kenmore elite quiet pak 9 dryer manual. My dryer quit shortly after starting a load and the clothes were still wet. When I pres
Appliances	Nordyn A/C unit want come on from thermostat. My unit want come on from the thermostat, model number FEBB-012HA. My heat works 
Appliances	Maytag Refrigerator how to access the coil to clean. How do I remove front grill of French style Maytag Refrigerator to clean t
Appliances	Kenmore washing machine. My ken more washing machine fills to the appropriate level but does not agitate spin or drain ,it soun
Appliances	kenmore 110 88732792 washer won't drain. my kenmore stackable washer/dryer 110 88732792 won't drain
Appliances	New Maytag Refrigerator Recall. https://repair.maytag.com/prjjck/default.jsp
Appliances	?Blower problem. Have a Bryant plus 90 ultimate heating machine ...perhaps a 1992 year ...the unit outside is working but the d
Appliances	repairing kenmore elite washer 24964301. When the washer goes to spin it just makes a grinding noise
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer Error Code F 26. My Kenmore Elite HE 3t washer will not unlock and displays error code f 26.  What does er
Appliances	whirlpool washer lid lock will not work. When you go to start the cycle it will say sensing briefly then the lid lock light wil
Appliances	turning the water off at the hot water tank. I  have an upper horizontal pipe leak over my hot water tank. The water is warm. a
Appliances	No hot water in Kenmore 70 Series washer. I just replaced the hot/cold water valve in my Kenmore 70 Series Heavy Duty Plus wash
Appliances	Harbor Breeze Ceiling fan. I've took down the ceiling fan, but I am unable to remove the blades, from the model #AER52BP5LKRC, 
Appliances	Quiet partner 3. The lock,clean,heatdry lights are all solid green not flashing. The machine will not respond or work. Is there
Appliances	Dishwasher won't start. I have a Whirlpool DU930PWSQ0 dishwasher that won't start.  The drain function still works and the ligh
Appliances	Remote doesn't open garage door.. Remote doesn't open garage door.  If I press the button within the garage, it will open or cl
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash Dishwasher. I have a 2011 dishwasher.  I have used all 3 types of detergents, liquid,powder and the ne
Appliances	Kenmore three door fridge w/freezer down below: Some ice is globing together.. Kenmore Elite three door refrigerator:  The prob
Appliances	wire an 220-240 electrical outlet for a oven. wire an 220-240 electrial out let for a oven
Appliances	kenmore model 26822692 wont drain the water just stays in the tub. my kenmore washer 26822692 does not drain water
Appliances	Kingston Sewing Machine. I need to sell my mothers' vintage Kingston Sewing Machine. It is model #A 664320. It comes w/a cabine
Appliances	what microwave fits plates, holes, etc for ge jvm1631wb005. I need to replace my ge jvm1631wb005 microwave and want to buy easi
Appliances	kenmore elite heavy duty king size quiete pak  ii 11023032102 transmission. my washer sometimes does not spin, however if I giv
Appliances	Maytag washer model SAV4655EWW spinning problem.. My Maytag washer model SAV4655EWW starts to agitate but then stops after abou
Appliances	I have a White Rotary sewing Machine serial no. 33X2884, what year was it made.. Would like to know how the machine is and what
Appliances	Kenmore washer fabric softener dispenser. I have an older Kenmore washer -- circa 1994.  I am trying to remove the water soften
Appliances	Why is my refrigerator leaking and how do I repair this. I have a maytag refrigerator french doors.  I've noticed water on the 
Appliances	Sparks from the heating coil element on the electric stovetop.. Hi:  I'm not sure if this is the correct forum so please excuse
Appliances	Maytag dryer. My maytag dryer won't start
Appliances	Roper Dryer Not Heating. roper dryer only gets hot on high heat setting and then only sometimes. Have replaced thermal fuse and
Appliances	slow cooker repair. The wrap around heating element has broken in my morphy richards slow cooker. does anyone know where i can 
Appliances	Water heater to be set on vacation for winter but not drained and gas left on.. I have a 40 gallon water heater in my summer ho
Appliances	Does a broiler igniter remain on during normal broiling?. I just replaced a bad Bosch broiler igniter and now the broiler works
Appliances	can the door to the dryer be reversed. I would like to have my dryer door open from the left side instead of the right.  Can th
Appliances	220v range wiring. I am moving into a new apartment, that is rather run down, and the landlord doesn't care what i do to fix th
Appliances	I have a ken more ultra washer model 7635.. The dishwasher won't respond to any of the ways it says. Any ideas. Thanks
Appliances	off-centered dryer to floor vent installation in a mobile home. I am replacing my Whirlpool Duet dryer's vent hose with a rigid
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Refrigerater not getting cold. Hello, How long will it take for the refrigerater to start blowing cold air.  Just
Appliances	Frigidaire oven made loud pop and quit working. Hello My Frigidaire oven just made a loud pop noise. A small flash, and then it
Appliances	Why are niether the oven or the broiler are working on my GE gas range. Having trouble with the oven and broiler on my GE gas r
Appliances	sewing machine model number m 05 ns-2641 a montgomery wards. looking to find the year and value of a sewing machine model M 05 
Appliances	gas stove oven not working. Hello everyone. I have a whirlpool gas stove model# sf367LXSQ. I was going to use the oven today an
Appliances	Hamilton Bay Ceiling Fans Troubleshooting. My  ceiling fan is out of balance. Hhow do I find out which blade (s) needs to be fi
Appliances	why wont my whirlpool washer agitate or spin. My machine will fill with water fine and then it just sits there with the water a
Appliances	washer/dryer combo won't start. have a fridgeadaire washer dryer combo. Has been working fine, but suddenly just stopped workin
Appliances	upright freezer has solid frost from top shelf to top coils. I just defrosted my upright freezer and from the top shelf to the 
Appliances	my kenmore pro self cleaning oven stopped cleaning and showed error. It heated up for about an hour first
Appliances	my bad washer. My Kenmore 800 series washer (model no# 29822800) will not supply water to the tub. The water valve is ok for I 
Appliances	Restoring 50's electric stove. Live in Missouri cannot take or ship a stove to calif does anyone know who can repair an old 53 
Appliances	Dishwasher Makes Loud noise - NOT A GRINDING NOISE. I have a Kenmore undercounter dishwasher.  It is Model # 66517512200, Seria
Appliances	Dryer won't start. My fairly new cabrio dryer will power on but when you push start it won't turn on. Any body with advice
Appliances	Gsl25jfpa bs owners manual. My GE Side by side ice maker will not shut off. It does not seem to have a lever that stops ice pro
Appliances	how to remove the sediment in a kettle. After using my kettle for quite a time,, sediment build up at the bottom of the kettle.
Appliances	kenmore elite washer will not agitate. I have a Kenmore Elite washer m/n 110.23022100 that won't agitate. I have replaced the c
Appliances	Kenmore washing machine problems. Kenmore series 70 washing machine won\'t advance to rinse cycle.  After going through the was
Appliances	maytag refrigerator bottom freezer door not closing. Our MBF2258WEB1 fridge with a slide out freezer drawer is not sealing on t
Appliances	5ru cll error. Problem:  My Kenmore Elite model 417.4110 rinse and spin cycle ends but the water  keeps pouring.
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Top Loading Washer Model #23032100. Washer will not spin, everything else works just fine, it is just the spin cy
Appliances	need to find year & value of white sewing machine by serial number. the serial #1x56839
Appliances	I have new LG tv model 55LM4600.  Picure is small in upper left corner.. Picure is small in upper left corner on HD channels on
Appliances	help fridge not cooling ge side by side. i have a gss201emb it is not getting below 50 degrees i have replaced the main board a
Appliances	GE coffee urn  model 116199Z  A65  A152015  upc 681131691994. GE sold small appliance division to Black & Decker.  Black & Deck
Appliances	kenmore elite dryer 110.64972301. I received this dryer from a neighbor and was wondering when it was manufactured since I didn
Appliances	Whirlpool Dehumidifier...Not drawing Water ??. I have a Whirlpool Dehumidifier which was bought this time last year..We set it 
Appliances	dryer not heating up. Have white-Westinghouse dryer about 22 yrs old. Just replaced belt and now tumbler works.  But as working
Appliances	Kenmore dishwasher will not start it has been but not now.. My kenmore dishwasher will not start when i press all other sensing
Appliances	Kenmore washing machine won't drain/rinse. My Kenmore 80 Series washer finishes the agitating (initial) stage, but stops there.
Appliances	Thawing a frozen water line in my GE refrigerator. I have a GE side by side refrigerator with Ice and Water in the freezer door
Appliances	Trane Gas Furnace XE80 Troubleshoot. i have an xe80 gas furnace heater turns on but no heat and fan keeps running cold air. wha
Appliances	frost free side by side freezer has ice build up inside and water drips on floor. My GE side by side frost free freezer is drip
Appliances	my kenmore dryer smartheat quietpak 9 dryer. our kenmoor smartheat quietpak9 dryer will not produce heat during cycles to dry c
Appliances	kenmore 10653334300. fridge and freezer not cold
Appliances	Kemore Elite Calypso. I have a Calypso that was bought in 2001 and I need to know if anyone can give me directions as to how to
Appliances	amana electric dryer only buzzes when start is mashed.. amana electric dryer only buzzes,  when start is mashed. It doesn't tu
Appliances	Maytag washer model no. LAT9306AAE  starts, fills then stops on normal cycle.. It I turn the dial through the normal cycle noth
Appliances	Gas dryer troubleshooting. Gas Dryer Trouble Shooting – No heat or flame shuts down  If your question applies to gas hookups, p
Appliances	kenmore elite clothes washer lights go on and off. Kenmore elite clothes washer. All the option lights blink on and off even wh
Appliances	On a refrigerator door, which is weighing 30 kg, need to calculate torque for hinges. I have a refrigerator of capacity 30 Cu. 
Appliances	the terminal board on my heat/ac unit has letters C,W, R, G, Y.. I have a RUUD heat & ac unit I replaced the indoor switch, ind
Appliances	My kenmore 70 needs help. I have a kenmore 70 series dishwasher. It starts every time like it already has water in it.  However
Appliances	Agitator problem. I have a Kenmore laundry center Model MLXE42RED, it is old I know but all the main parts work great. I have h
Appliances	directv genie. my main tv and garage tv are 1080 lcd screens and have a full picture but my small kitchen lcd tv has a picture 
Appliances	Refrigerator Gasket around door. I am renter with this refrigerator is it appropriate to ask for a new refrigerator to reduce e
Appliances	How To Troubleshoot A Kenmore Ultra Dishwasher. I have a 15 year old Kenmore Ultra wash dishwasher. It won't start...the lock o
Cooking	What goes good with bake pork chops and pasta noodles?
Cooking	How do I get my food photographs/recipes published in magazines?. I am a food blogger and photographer, and would like to get m
Cooking	What is the best beef dish you could have?. I love beef and i really want to know...
Cooking	What can I bake with these ingredients ?. Basically I want to bake something but got no money to shop. I do have quite a lot of
Cooking	Can you put cooked pasta back into boiling water to warm them up?
Cooking	Can I use the same oil again?. I made sunny side up eggs this morning, and the oil is clean. And I want to fry 2 boneless pork 
Cooking	Does anyone know how to fry brown rice in a skillet?
Cooking	I'm starting a diet but need new recipes?. I start my full time job this week and I'm also trying to incooporate better eating 
Cooking	Okay I feel like stir fry tomorrow?!!?. Okay WTF goes in stir fry I've tried it like AGES… ago but don't know how to make it wh
Cooking	What are the top 5 hardest desserts to make?. I made my first ever soufflé today and I am only 14, it was very successful and I
Cooking	Grilled Cheese Sandwich? Cherry Cheese Danish? Or Bowl of Mini Wheats for Breakfast?
Cooking	Have i got a bad tub of icecream?. i bought a tub of ben and jerry's chocolate fudge brownie for the first time and all the bro
Cooking	How much uncooked fish do you have to eat to get food poisoning?
Cooking	Instead of fried apples on ice cream, has anyone ever added fried apples IN to home made ice cream?
Cooking	How do you usually cook your vegetables, if you do?
Cooking	Are german made chef knives good?
Cooking	What is a good and easy recipe for red velvet cake?
Cooking	What should I cook with this Spicy marinara sauce?. I was gonna use some spaghetti and chicken.
Cooking	Can I eat dried tomatoes leaves ?
Cooking	Substitution for 12 cloves?. I have a recipe that calls for 12 cloves. What can I use and how much will 12 cloves be?
Cooking	Don't you guys just love pork and beef?. I was a vegetarian when I born but recently I became omnivorus.
Cooking	How Do You Make Cake Pops ?. I want an easy to follow method and if possible or measurements in grams xx Also i live in the Uk 
Cooking	What do you think i should eat?. for breakfast i had a cup of raspberries with multi grain cheerios & skimmed milk. for lunch i
Cooking	What are some food/drink items to stay clear of when trying to avoid caffeine ?. Let's say i was trying to lower my intake of c
Cooking	Easy and quick RECIPES?. that you only need a microwave for at the most...really easy but tasty...thanks
Cooking	If i can i can if i can't i freeze?
Cooking	How do you make Taiwanese Ice or xue hua bing?. I have first saw this in Hawaii while helping my sister who was stationed there
Cooking	Can I use my unripe green tomatoes?. to fry as the Americans Fried green tomatoes.
Cooking	How many cups of water and salt must I use in order to prevent being move to the new Yahoo answers format?
Cooking	If I put 2 hard boiled eggs & an avocado in the Ninja then smear it on a whole wheat tortilla will it taste ok?
Cooking	What is cheese fondue?
Cooking	Frozen Breaded Chicken Tenderloins (Tyson) question?. I cooked one piece of this in my toaster oven at about 450 for 30-35 min.
Cooking	How to make a good tuna fish sandwich?. My tuna fish sandwich suck. They taste dry are they aren't sweet enough. I just put may
Cooking	Dose anybody know how to get the Net Cheif?. Wireless DIGITAL Recipee File
Cooking	What temperature are profiteroles served at?. I bought a box of profiteroles and they were frozen. But I'm not sure if I should
Cooking	Dairy-free cupcake recipes! Please?. I can't have soy, alomond, or rice milk. I'm allergic to MSG and yeast aswell. Help please
Cooking	How condensation affect the ice cream?
Cooking	Something nice to put on scones?. I ran out of strawberry jam ): anything else I could use to eat them with?
Cooking	Marijuana cookies problem!?. i had 5 weed plants and i grew them well, but unfortunately something went wrong with my security 
Cooking	How to thicken up soft cheese with eggs and cream in it?. made up mix which was soft cheese sugar cream and eggs. meant to make
Cooking	Just curious, what do you prefer?. Propane Or (Gulp) Charcoal?
Cooking	How to tell if stainless steel pots are fake?. How can we tell if our stainless steel pots (made in china) are fake or real? I 
Cooking	Do you love chicken? What's your favorite way to eat it?. And why? Im hungry guys! I love chicken strips! I hate bones! I like 
Cooking	Can I use regular all purpose flour to fry fish?. This is the only thing I have to use for frying
Cooking	Storing ciabatta bread dough?. i made the biga for ciabatta bread last night to make bread rolls for a dinner party tonight, th
Cooking	How many calories are in the applebeese blonde brownie without icecream but still poring the maple sause on it?
Cooking	Why is my bread sagging?. I've baked a zucchini bread recipe I got off an internet recipe site. I follow the recipe instruction
Cooking	I am cooking a cornish game hen?. i am cooking a cornish game hen  in my crock pot for dinner. I also sliced up onions and pota
Cooking	Making a pork tenderloin need help?. so I have a pork tenderloin for dinner we have company coming over and they have kids so n
Cooking	Which cheese goes best with potatoes au gratin?. Cheddar is boring. Last week I cooked them with Gruyere and it was really good
Cooking	Where was the first food ever served (10 pts. best answer)?. My chef for culinary gave us this question today, and he said the 
Cooking	I ran out of cake batter! HELP!?. SO i was in the middle of making cupcakes and i ran out of batter. i know your probably just 
Cooking	Does a Oreo milkshake taste better with chocolate ice cream or Vanilla ice cream?
Cooking	Is it possible to make and have new solid friendships at 34yrs of age? Essentially starting Over?
Cooking	Is green apples the same as cooking apples?. Im making apple crumble and i don't know what cooking apples are are they green ap
Cooking	Soup? Salad? or Bread with Butter with your Meal? Which Appetizer from this list do you like better?
Cooking	How to name my pastry?. I am so interested in this case and I would be very happy if I have your help. Thank you
Cooking	Is baking olive oil bad?. I have read how its smoking point turns it to trans fat.  is baking the same thing. I am about to bak
Cooking	Can i replace red bell peppers with red banana peppers for jelly?. receipe calls for3 medium red bell peppers & I want to repla
Cooking	How to make sauteed chicken liver?. Recipe for sauteed chicken liver with onions
Cooking	Can that ingredients make a good omelette?. Hey , right now i have pepper , salt , tomatoes and onion , are that enough for an 
Cooking	Does butter really melt the moment you take them out of le fridge?
Cooking	Croatians: How do I make cedevita?. My aunty came over from Croatia and gave me some cedevita. I've got a big bag of orangey fl
Cooking	Recipe for Macaroni & Cheese Salad?. Does anyone know this recipe! I've looked for years online and I couldn't find anything to
Cooking	How can i make my appearance better?. 1.how can i make my teetg whiter? 2.how can i get rid of bags&shadows under my eyes? 3.ho
Cooking	Is so delicious coconut milk available in saudi arabia?. so delicious coconut milk in saudi arabia  i researched ., it is a 50 
Cooking	Need a good value food processor?. I've had an ASDA one for £30 and a Kenwood which were both fairly rubbish. I'm looking for o
Cooking	How do I roast gammon?. I have a join of gammon 0.750g how long do I cook it? Do I put it in oil? Do I boil it first ? I hav no
Cooking	Just moved into my first apartment with my boyfriend and trying to save $$ anybody have idea for cheap dinner?
Cooking	What fresh vegetables are a staple in your kitchen?. Meaning, what fresh veggies are you *always* likely to have on hand?
Cooking	What would you put inside the Ultimate Lasagna?. I want to make the Ultimate Lasagna. I want it fully loaded with all types of 
Cooking	How can I make myself feel full?. Every day I eat breakfast and then I'm hungry an hour later. I don't like being hungry I'm no
Cooking	List Some German Entrees and Desserts Please?
Cooking	How to make Jager shape cake?. Wanting to make my boyfriend a jager shaped cake for his birthday. Anyone know how to make one o
Cooking	How do YOU make mushy peas?
Cooking	Making molds with hot glue gun?. So, a very special person's birthday is in 2 days, so i want to make customized molds that i'l
Cooking	Can cupcake Recipes be baked into a whole round cake?. I have a friend who asked me to bake her some cupcakes but then later sh
Cooking	Are there any other ways i can eat chili other than on a chili dog and by itself?. I need some ideas.
Cooking	How much exactly is a dash or a pinch?. Like if you had to give me a measurement amount what would it come out to? 1/4 teaspoon
Cooking	Is it safe to freeze cooked meat the next day?. I was in the middle of making breakfast burritos for freezing this afternoon wh
Cooking	Who likes eating biscuit mixure before it is cooked.?
Cooking	Key Lime mousse from mixing lime jello and cool whip?. Is there a retro recipe you know of that sounds like this?
Cooking	Any juice , milkshake ,smoothie recipes?. Any recipes that are juices smoothies or milkshakes that is just soo good :) I have t
Cooking	Can you make jam from a jellyfish?. a jelly fish washed up on shore to day on my back patio. which i live in the montains anway
Cooking	How to make pizza in mocrowave oven in home?
Cooking	How come I never see shredded american cheese?
Cooking	What is parboiled rice? is it fattening?
Cooking	Why have solid plate hobs become popular in the UK?. I've had several kitchens in Switzerland with these plates and they are a 
Cooking	Will double cream melt?. I'm going to make a Victoria sponge tomorrow and I wanna put some whipped double cream inside and on t
Cooking	Muffin depositors in bakeries?. Does anyone one what type of pump they use in muffin depositing machines ?   Trying to make a m
Cooking	Do you have a strange food/drink habit?. I'm not sure how odd mine is or if others do it. But i like drinking Oxo cubes. I just
Cooking	Do sesame and lemon go together (noodle dish)?. sesame oil kind flavour and lemon? for noodles?
Cooking	Will muffins make me gain weight?. For breakfast, I are a homemade chocolate chip muffin. Will this make me gain weight? Thanks
Cooking	Homemade noodles, do you boil them?. it said (on the online recipe :/) boil them in water or stock but it just seems like dough
Cooking	How do I thicken sweetened condensed milk? Like fudge?. I bought a can of caramel flavoured condense milk thinking it had a rec
Cooking	Can Reese puff cereal get you high?
Cooking	Can i use melted chocolate instead of water?. i want to make a cake for someone thats coming back fom holiday,  i just want to 
Cooking	Substitute for white onion?. A recipe calls for a white onion but I can't find them anywhere. What can I use instead?
Cooking	Ideas for making a penne pasta?. Does anyone have a recipe where I can use the penne pasta?
Cooking	What are some high calorie nutritious bars I can make at home..?. My hubby has COPD and needs more calories but finds it hard t
Crafts	How to piece something with a seam that looks presentable on both sides. Dear Darlene,  I am beginning to sew pieced silk scarv
Crafts	kenmore 117.300. Sorry, this isnt a singer question! I hope your able to help, ive searched online, and cannot find a manual sp
Crafts	looking for sewing books. Where can I find the books Price It Right for alterations by Claire Shaeffer and Unit Pricing for 
Crafts	Hat. Brenda,  I would like to make a Great Gadsby Newsboy type hat. I don't sew, but want to start. How do I start? I have been
Crafts	bordered fabrics. I would like to know how to alter a curved hem, A-line dress pattern to fit on a straight border print so tha
Crafts	altering necklines. Hi.  I'm about to start making my 14 yr. old daughter's Jr.High graduation dress.  She wants a copy of a dr
Crafts	singer 201. I have just inherited a singer 201 in a cabinet bought in 1946.  It appears to be in perfect condition, but it prob
Crafts	how do  i wind the bobbin??  singer touch and sew. I think its seriel # is 788. Do you know how old this machine is? This is a 
Crafts	Singer Touch 'n Sew 628. My bobbin has been repeatedly jamming.  When I investigated, and removed the bobbin case to clean it, 
Crafts	sewing machine problems!!. Hi Terry, First off thanks for taking the time to even read this, I really appreciate it. So my prob
Crafts	cravat pattern. my son is getting married this summer and he has asked me to make some cravats for the groomsmen.  Is there a p
Crafts	altering neck line. Hi.  I'm about to start making my 14 yr. old's Jr.High graduation dress.  She wants a copy of a dress from 
Crafts	singer sewing machine. My husband and I were cleaning out his mother's house and accidently threw away a cord to her sewing mac
Crafts	narrow hem gadget. I bought a narrow hem attachment for my Singer sewing machine. I wanted to use it first on a sheer scarf bef
Crafts	sewing maching help. I have a very old electric Singer with a foot pedal that I haven't used in 10 or so years. It was made in 
Crafts	Touch And Sew 640. Hi Terry hope you can help me. I came across a Golden Touch And Sew, model 640 that appears in very good con
Crafts	ballroom?. Hi.  My name I'm a 22 year old competative ballroom dancer.  Just this year I will be competiing at national competi
Crafts	wrap pants pattern. Helen: We're stumped! How could we alter an existing pants pattern to make a wrap pants pattern? We don't w
Crafts	Repair of sewing maching after breaking needle while sewing.. I have a Singer Athena 2000 Electronic machine.  I was trying to 
Crafts	ruffled hem. I am curious how to make the ruffled sort of hem you see on some ballroom dance costumes.  I am sewing a skating d
Crafts	Where can I rent or borrow sewing machine. Where can I borrow sewing machine for home sewing? I am thinking to make some bean b
Crafts	Ironing Taffeta. I'm not much of a seamstress, but have managed to make a simple maternity bridesmaid dress using taffeta.  Now
Crafts	Drapery Hardware. Hi Martha,  I'm making floor to ceiling drapes for a room with a 90 degree angle.  The corner is where two ou
Crafts	Altering upper arm. I need to add 5 inches in the upper arm in a 2 piece sleeve and 8 inches in the bust in a 3 piece bodice.  
Crafts	old singer sewing machines - value. I have 2 old singer sewing machines and wonder if you could help me with the value.  One is
Crafts	Suede. Can a suede jacket be stretched in the chest to make it wider? Thanks!
Crafts	looking for a good tailoring book. I want to learn to make men and children suits. Can you suggest me a good tailoring book tha
Crafts	Slipcovers. I would like to sew new slipcovers for my worn-out sofa and would like to know if you have any tips for me on how I
Crafts	altering a strapless bodice. I made a strapless, boned dress but the bust area is too loose. What is the best way to alter it? 
Crafts	altering women's pants pattern. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  When altering crotch depth on pants pattern
Crafts	Reupholstering dining room chairs. Dining room chair back has oval wood back with fabric insert that shows from front & back. F
Crafts	Holes in pockets. I get holes in the pockets of my jeans. I have tried iron on patches but the patches come loose after a few w
Crafts	BIGGER WAIST. HOW CAN I MAKE MY SON'S BLUE JEANS SHORTS BIGGER IN THE WAIST THEY WILL BUTTON BUT ARE TO TIGHT BUT THEY FIT EVER
Crafts	sewing. I just recently was given a new sewing machine as a gift. I have always wanted to know how to sew, but I have no clue a
Crafts	designing your own clothes. My daughter, almost 16, has been involved in a sewing class that a local lady teaches from her home
Crafts	sewing machines. Hi! My daughter desires to buy a machine for very limited sewing. Most likely...straight line sewing such as m
Crafts	sewing machine, white. This white sewing machine seems to have a total problem sewing, the hole to the bobbin lines up only eve
Crafts	alterations. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Answer -  HI is there any way you can scan the pattern picture
Crafts	taking in a suit. Hello! I have recently lost about 20 lbs and have some beautiful suits that are too big! I want to take in th
Crafts	Finishing seems on adult garments. I'm an advanced beginning seamstress for fun. One thing I haven't found in any of my books i
Crafts	canvas tent. Hi-      I have a heavy canvas tent that has a small rip in it. I have extra canvas sent with the tent for a patch
Crafts	Valance. I am taking the pillow shams from a quilt set that I bought and making the shams into a valance. I have it all cut and
Crafts	Manilla Veil. Is it possible to home sew (with a sewing machine) to make a Manilla-style veil?  Here is a link for the illustra
Crafts	Double sided snaps. I am searching for a snap that has post (or socket, it doesn't matter which) ends protruding out of each si
Crafts	wool cloth. hi!  i'm not really sure if you're the right person to ask but i'm hoping you can help me.  how can i tell if the c
Crafts	Baby Snaps. Hi Vinette,I would like to let the hem out of some of my baby's clothes{since he has only had most of them on his b
Crafts	Zippers. Is there another way to attach the linning to the zipper other than by hand. Everytime I make a lined dress, I attache
Crafts	Hawaiian shirts..how to make them. hello there vinette. how are you? im trying to find out how i can make my own hawaiian shirt
Crafts	Re covering sofa cushions. Vinette, Hello.  I got this hand-me-down sofa from my mother-in-law.  It is in great shape, except f
Crafts	Dress alterations. I am making bridesmaid dresses.  They are princess style halter tops with A line skirt.  Two piece.  My ques
Crafts	sew machine. Hi Darlene, What is a good sewing machine to start out with that has plenty of room for learning growth?  My wife 
Crafts	sewing curtains for a bay window. Hi Brenda!  I envision a ruffled swag valance that I will sew myself from the McCall's #2515 
Crafts	Bobbin Problems!. Hi Brenda,  I am new to sewing and was trying to use my machine the other day but was having a bunch of probl
Crafts	Pant patterns. Hi.. I would like to know if you would if you would know where to find a certian pattern to make pants. They are
Crafts	invisible zipper. I am to make a flowergirl dress for my granddaughter and the fabric I'm using is royal satin.  I want to inse
Crafts	clothing sizes. Hello. My wife wants to start a women's clothing store, and she wants to have the clothing made by friends over
Crafts	sewing machine problem!!!. Hello! I am completely stuck with this. (and im also a beginner) I have a really old sewing machine 
Crafts	Quilt. I made a quilt a year ago, for my daughter-in-law for Xmas. She loves it alot, but she took it and put it in her washer.
Crafts	Sewing and lace. I want to have a my wedding gown made and haven't excatly sought out a seamstress yet because I am not really 
Crafts	wool. hi!  i'm not really sure if you're the right person to ask but i'm hoping you can help me.  how can i tell the difference
Crafts	threading. I have a scholastic plus singer machine. I just went to thread it and for some reason it will not bring up the bobin
Crafts	Funnel Pattern. I need to find a pattern to make a funnel.  10 inch opening to 1 inch or less at the other end. Two feet long. 
Crafts	singer touch and sew. would you have any idea how to wind a 2 peice bobbin that is plastic its on a singer touch and sew? guess
Crafts	Sheer Curtains. Dear Martha How do you stabilize the sheerest of curtain material when trying to make rod pockets, heading and 
Crafts	Adjusting 1 pattern to fit many. Is it possible to buy one pattern (say in a size large for misses to fit me) but make it to fi
Crafts	Spaghetti straps. Hello.  I need small tubes of fabric;  someone suggested pre-made spaghetti straps to me.  I've searched both
Crafts	Sewing machine novice. I am pretty much a novice when it comes to sewing machines.  One problem I run into a lot is the thread 
Crafts	Arm hole. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hi Vinette, My question is should I re-cut an arm hole. I have to
Crafts	Hi, You are very nice to.... Hi, You are very nice to answer questions like this. My husband would like me to make drapes for o
Crafts	Invisable Zippers. It has been a long time since I have put a hidden zipper into a dress. I bought one to help a senior with he
Crafts	Making sheer tier curtains. Dear Brenda: Is there any special technique in making sheer curtains?  I am having trouble getting 
Crafts	pants alterations. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  How 
Crafts	Horse costume. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  My son is in a play in which he has to play a horse.  The co
Crafts	Sewing machines. What is an overlock or serger machine for?  Can I do everything with one of those machines?  I need to be able
Crafts	Beginner. I am interested in begninng to sew. I plan on doing a beach tote for my vacation that is in about a month. To start w
Crafts	Removing broken hook drive gear from singer 513. Terry, We have a Singer Stylist 513 with a broken Hook Drive Gear (#103361).  
Crafts	wont grad thread. i have an old white treadle . i also have a singer around the same year. the singer is great but i cant get m
Crafts	Bobbin case or catch hook Singer Stylist 418. Just bought a Singer Stylist 418 at a garage sale.  Motor hums nicely, bobbin win
Crafts	blue jeans. A friend gave me some blue jeans-they fit perfectly..EXCEPT I HATE THE LOW RISE-is there any way I can change them 
Crafts	quilting stitch. I just got a singer stylist 513 without an instruction manual. I was wondering if it could do a quilting stitc
Crafts	buttonholes. I am trying to make a buttonhole, but I am doing something wrong. I am new to sewing, and I have never done a butt
Crafts	Problems with my Singer 3116. Terry,  My husband bought me a singer 3116 for a starter machine. I feel like a dope because I ca
Crafts	Metal or plastic/nylon gears?. Hi, Terry --  I am considering buying a Singer Golden Touch and Sew machine. I'm not  sure of th
Crafts	I would like to alter a pair of my pants....... I was just woundering if it were possible and how would you alter a pair of str
Crafts	Fashion. I am planning to create my own brand name, start selling 'purse' I designed, I found several manufactures in China, my
Crafts	pillow. Help Brenda!  I am trying to sew some odd pillows for my living room.  I purchased the forms at the fabric shop (14 X 
Crafts	quilting with a Touch and Sew 600E. I am making a quilt using a Touch and Sew 600E.  I am to the point of quilting the layers t
Crafts	alterations on ladies jeans. How do I shorten the crotch on ladies jeans?
Crafts	Kenmore Mini Ultra. Hi Vinette -- it's me again.  Well you know that singer 534 you were helping me with, the gears were bad an
Crafts	Fabric sealant/cover. Hi Nancy,  I have an unusual question.  I have a large number of small glossy color images of brightly co
Crafts	Slack Pattern Alteration. Long ago, I was taught (but have forgotten) how to measure correctly and adjust to have slacks fit in
Crafts	buying a novice sewing machine. What sewing machine would you recommend for a beginner? I  have never really used a sewing mach
Crafts	hand sewing. Hi Brenda. I hope all is well. I would like to make cafe curtains with tabs from which the curtains can hang. Can 
Crafts	Pattern Making. Other than alterating patterns, do you also teach pattern making and if you do, do you have any information on 
Crafts	Restoring vintage elastic. Hello and can I ask about a pair of vintage Missoni pants that need a replacement elastic sewn in? T
Crafts	sewing vinyl boat cushions. Any tips on sewing vinyl?  I am recovering my boat seats and was wondering if you had any suggestio
Crafts	how old is this machine. model aj408478
Crafts	embroidery. Hello Vinette, I am looking for an embroidering maching to give my wife for mother's day.  I would like to spend be
Crafts	altering slacks that are too large. I have a large waist but slim legs.  Whenever I buy slacks that fit the waist, they are too
Crafts	elasticised waistband. Hi My compant makes us wear a uniform with fitted pants. Problem is I have one of those waists that can
Electrical	what to do with common wire when splicing to wire with only ground.. I replaced our electric range with a gas one and want to u
Electrical	Reading the NFPA 70 etc. National Electric Code Online. It does seem impossible to search for, but just about any code publishe
Electrical	Mechanical timer hookup?. I have GE-15307 mechanical timer installed for my pool.  I have followed the instructions, adding the
Electrical	harbor breeze 72 in. fan. I just installed the fan and when I was going to program the remote it said to pres the SET button fo
Electrical	how do I run power from my house to a pool/pool room that is 160 feet from my house.. I installed a 24' pool 160 feet from my h
Electrical	aluminium wire. new information on use of aluminium wire
Electrical	electrical questions. I have 2 track lights, 4 bulbs each that just stopped working. Ive changed breaker, put in new bulbs but 
Electrical	harbor breeze model l808. I have a Harbor Breeze Pacific Grove ceiling fan w/light kit Model # L808.  The light kit globe and r
Electrical	Old 3 speed fan switch has white, purple, blue, grey wires.  How to connect?. My old pull chain 3 speed fan switch has white, p
Electrical	designer choice ceiling fan?. i have a designer choice ceiling fan remote. the batteries went dead. once i replaced them, the r
Electrical	mobile home wiring diagram 1962 conner moblie home electrical. mobile home electrical wiring diagram for a 1962 conner mobile h
Electrical	refrigerator and microwave on same ciruit?. I am ripped some drywall down from behind my kitchen and stove area.  I see that th
Electrical	electrical  lighting help. currently got haligen shower downlighters 12volt transformer 35watt bulbs, can I change these to 12 
Electrical	hampton bay fan light wattage. I have a 52 HB Caffe Patina fan model #119835. It comes with a mini halogen 100W bulb. A thick 
Electrical	electrical questions and answers free. can I run 6-500kcmil and 2-350kcmil use-2 wire in a 4 grc conduit for line side power t
Electrical	Converting previous 220 compressor outlet. I currently have a 220 volt compressor outlet that I want to convert to a 4 prong ou
Electrical	ceiling light will not work in house. our light in the kitchen is on a three way switch the switch also lights the other lights
Electrical	Ceiling fan will not work after replacing 3 speed pull chain switch. I just recently replaced a 4-wire (3-speed) Ceiling fan sw
Electrical	neutral from main lug in garage. calling all electricians, here's what I've done. installed main lug in detached garage. ran 3 
Electrical	replacement part needed for riviera ceiling fan. I need a glass light cover for a riviera ceiling fan. The upc # is 0-92131-108
Electrical	Wiring. I have an electric line coming in from a gazebo with a paddle fan into my basement, the gazebo also has a outlet.  Ther
Electrical	480v 3 phase to 240 single phase. I'm wiring up 3 motors that are 240v single phase. the closest power is a 480v 3 phase panel.
Electrical	light bulbs blowing out. I just changed my lights out doors on my tennis court. There are 3 wires coming out. 1 red 1 black 1 g
Electrical	control Flotec1/2 hp motor speed. how can i vary the speed of my Flotec FP5512 well pump motor? can i use a Titan controls merc
Electrical	conductor ampacity. What is the conductor ampacity of Romex NM-B size 10/2
Electrical	I saw a home built in 1979 that had light switches 24 from the floor. Why??. My husband and I are shopping for a new home. We 
Electrical	Connecting pigtails from switch to power supply. I am replacing the switches in my garage.  I need to pigtail the hot wires fro
Electrical	I keep losing power in half my house but my breaker is not tripping.  why?. I lose power for a few hours then gain it back.  My
Electrical	installation single phase 600 amp elect serv panel. How complicated is it to put a 600 amp service in my shop. It's not wired r
Electrical	power loss at each adapter connection. How much power is lost at each adapter connection. Ex: From a Temp power construction po
Electrical	my ceiling fan work only on reverse. I  have a harbor breeze ceiling fan that only goes in reverse. How can I set the fan to ro
Electrical	No electricity in my outlet. I tried to use my vaccum cleaner, when plugged in the breaker tripped. I went to the fuse box and 
Electrical	Electrical wall switch keeps going out.. Our home is 20 years old. Our dining room light switch recently went out. We keep repl
Electrical	dryer. Can I hook up a electric 220 dryer,using a pig tail to a 110 outlet without harming the dryer or my appartment
Electrical	Harbor Breeze automatic light dimmer. How can I bypass the light dimmer on my harbor breeze ceiling fan. I have no remote or in
Electrical	any info on a hampton bay ceiling fan model ac-374. I have what I think is a hampton bay ceiling fan model ac-374 that appears 
Electrical	Replacing single recep with duplex. I've recently encountered in a small contracting job, a T-blade single receptacle located i
Electrical	Fan Ceiling Wiring 3 Speed Switch. trying to locate  ZING EAR ZE-268S FAN SWITCH
Electrical	UF-B wiring in an interior application ?. I have built a complete apartment inside of an existing metal pole building. I framed
Electrical	Buzzing, Flickering, Tv..? HELP. We have just now experienced our fire alarm going off and right after we started to hear a buz
Electrical	Why isn't my (electrical) question being accepted by your system / I tried twice. I have a Hampton Bay (model 52-CS) ceiling fa
Electrical	Please ask questions on the board, not to members via PM.. Please ask your questions here on the public boards rather than Priv
Electrical	Hydro Consumption Through the Roof...... Any good books out there on Conserving Hydro Consumption in the Home ?? The latest Mon
Electrical	I have a Hunter ceiling fan w/light ineed to know how all the wires in the light conn. I need to know how all the wires connect
Electrical	100amp wire size. Hi, I'm running a 100 amp sub panel aproximatly 85 feet from the 200 amp main for an apartment. what size wir
Electrical	Wiring problem for harbor breeze. New fan. Wires from ceiling black, white, bare copper. Wires from fan black blue white and gr
Electrical	Thru Wall Wiring for Stove Exhaust Fan. Running a 14/2 w/ground through the wall where the fan unit will be mounted. Does the w
Electrical	Speed control switch. I installed a speed control switch in my ceiling fan. Now when I pull on the light switch chain when the 
Electrical	PID controller. hello; need alittle help.I recently purchased a Paragon kiln #E9C for heat treating.Specs(115v,12amps,1375watts
Electrical	question re hampton by ceiling fan. I have a Hampton Bay ceiling fan, Model No. 32-ANT.  The label also says No. 004492 and U
Electrical	2009 soft tail just changed battery battery light on and so is oil light?. 2009 softtail just changed battery battery light on 
Electrical	Where do I get a replacement globe for a harbor breeze pacific grove ceiling fan  ?. Lowes told me to deal with harbor breeze w
Electrical	40 Amp breaker. I have a 40 amp two pole breaker that powers 240 volts to a stovetop range and hood. The stovetop range require
Electrical	Bathroom  lights. I am having a problem hooking lights back up in my bathroom, I unhooked them to paint and now I can't get the
Electrical	Ceiling Fan Troubleshooting & Repair Frequently Asked Questions. Check out these tips and explanations from our Electrical Expe
Electrical	Electrical Service. I would like to know if it is possible to run electricity 1400 feet from a 100 amp service and have enough 
Electrical	Hamilton Beach ceiling fan removal. I have a Hamilton Beach 52 inch ceiling fan which I installed at least 10 years ago. I need
Electrical	Installing new service entrance mast, service bypass meter & disconnect. Q. - Is the 2 rigid pipe (mast riser) with a threaded
Electrical	How to connect elektromec motor. I have  an Elektromec motor, 6 wires , 120VAC , 2.7 A, 27 uFcapacitor: My resistance readings 
Electrical	Light bulbs blowing. what causes new light bulbs to blow out as soon as i switch them on?
Electrical	How do I repair an non-functioning light socket on my ceiling fan?. I have a Hampton Bay, San Marino, 36 ceiling fan--UL Model
Electrical	Every thing on the fan works but the down light will not turn off or dim.. I have a Wakefield ceiling fan model 40099 and ever 
Electrical	what do i do with the bare wire when connecting a light fixture. i am conncting a chandelier that has a black, white and a bare
Electrical	Installing DownDraft Cook top. Please help. Hello, I recently threw out the ancient broken cook top, and replaced it with this.
Electrical	Receptacles out but circuit breaker not tripped. Hi,  Yesterday I had 4 receptacles and a ceiling fan go out without tripping a
Electrical	woud it be okay to install a GFCI breaker in the breaker box. I have found out that it would be okay to install GFCI on older 2
Electrical	hampton bay parts model 1327 series. I need to replqce the upper arm holding the lamp
Electrical	hot tubs. i just purchased  a hot tub that was set up for 110 to a dedicated 20 amp breaker.  but the heater shuts off when the
Electrical	pumptrol pressure switch adjustment. I am having problems with the Chlorinator not sending chlorine to the house. My unidose pu
Electrical	how does a 240v to 120v transformer work. I want to convert a 240v heating wire to 120v with a transformer(step down).  The wir
Electrical	Dimmer switch makes other lights not work.. I just installed a dimmer switch and because of it, now my closet, hallway and bath
Electrical	3 phase delta delta transformer... i have a doubt about a 3 phase delta delta transformer.. If one line (eg: be it R) the o/p t
Electrical	when fan running receiving tv signals. about 4:00 AM WITH OUR HAMPTON BAY FAN RUNNING WE ARE GETTING A TV STATION BROADCASTING
Electrical	my harbor breeze fan remote does not respond. I replaced the batt & the blue  light stays on all the time
Electrical	electrical answers regarding led lighting. Can led christmas lights that plug into 120volt household electrical outlets be us
Electrical	What causes crackling in ceiling fan?. My ceiling fan crackles like a wire is loose and it struggles to rotate in eithor direct
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan parts. The light of my ceiling fan keeps blowing bulbs and one socket does not work at all.  I need hel
Electrical	Hampton Bay Redington model Lighting & Fans. Ceiling fan turns on by itself.
Electrical	my 220 volt generator only has 110v coming out back gen and no power at main breaker. my 220 volt generator only has 110volts c
Electrical	what can be run under mobile home. Can I run romex or MC under a mobile home?  Does it have to go under the insulation?  Or is 
Electrical	Hampton Bay 52 in Berlini ceiling fan. I have a perfectly working Berlini 52 inch ceiling fan and I am looking for the glass gl
Electrical	hunter fan with dual switch. can't seem to wire it right. I have a white wire, black wire, and copper wire coming from the ceil
Electrical	where to get a 3 prong generator. who makes a 3 prong generator for a 220... trying to figure out how to check a stove in a gar
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fan - won't turn off!. my hampton bay ceiling fan with light has a remote that operateswhen the wall light 
Electrical	Wiring diagram for replacing a ceiling fan switch. I have an Airmak AM207 ceiling fan.  It has a 3 way switch with 4 wires.  I 
Electrical	Light won't respond to switch - stays on all the time.. The switch is a Combination Single Pole/3-Way.  There is a light in the
Electrical	Rotary Switch Wiring. I need wiring instuctions for a tower mfg corp. 6A. 120V 3-way rotary switch for a exhaust fan
Electrical	airpro uc7085t remote. I have an Airpro UC7085T remote for my fan.  My home is a new construction and the installer did not giv
Electrical	Warranty on Harbor Breeze ceiling fans. I bought three Harbor Breeze fans in 2005  these fans are remote control.  Two no longe
Electrical	hampton ceiling fan parts model ac5520od. need light assembly
Electrical	How do I wire 2 separate ceiling fan/light controls from one power source?. How do I wire 2 separate dual slide controls for 2 
Electrical	How to reassemble Zing Ear pull chain switch. Appliance: Hunter ceiling fan; Problem: Zing Ear pull chain switch #ZE-268S6 The 
Electrical	Light Fixture Quit Working. We have a bathroom light fixture that quit working one morning when I flipped the switch. I saw a s
Electrical	light switch problems. I recently tried to fit a metal light switch and have tried all combinations and can get the light to wo
Electrical	Pool hooked up to tariff 33. Had my pool hooked up to tariff 33, 2 weeks later no power looks like it is off in the box. Hooked
Electrical	Hampton Bay 7200 BN Dim Puck. Where can I find replacement pucks?
Electrical	airworks ceiling fans. i need two remotes for my fans they do not work model AS3DN where can I get it
Electrical	Hunter ceiling fan pull chain replacement. I replaced the three speed pull chain unit on my Hunter ceiling fan.  Now I have fou
Electrical	can you use 2 small fans and a laptop on a 15 amp breaker without it throwing it?. i have2 box fans and a laptop using a 15 amp
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan direction change. I have an HB fan that I can not find a model number for.  The fan uses remote model U
Flooring	porcelain vs. travertine. I am remodeling my kitchen and was planning to use a travertine, but found a  porcelain tile that was
Flooring	subflooring/underlayment. QUESTION: For installing a 3/4 ply subfloor over concrete in order to nail down a solid wood.   Is it
Flooring	installing marble tiles. I've used levelcrete before and it has a tendency to run to the lowest point, which is good in some si
Flooring	staples vs cleats for bamboo flooring. Hello, Bryan.  What are the advantages or disadvantages of staples vs cleats? The bamboo
Flooring	Teragren or Adura for a kitchen. How would you rate and what would you recommend for a kitchen floor?  We like ceramic/porcelai
Flooring	DIY Floating Installation Mistake. My husband and I have almost finished installing most of our engineered floating HW floor on
Flooring	flooring. I recently purchased a 30 yr old home. For the most part it is updated in many ways. Granite, ceramic flooring, built
Flooring	Floor Tile Installation Standards. We just had our floor tiling replaced by the builder after 7 years due to grout cracking and
Flooring	tile floor and moisture. My house built in 1972 is on a concrete slab, and may be situated on top of or in the vicinity of an u
Flooring	area rugs on wood laminate flooing. Hi John I recently had wood laminate flooring installed in my kitchen and I would like to p
Flooring	Flooring Types. I am building a new construction home in South Louisiana.  I am trying to decide on what type of flooring I wil
Flooring	hard wood floor. I bought hardwood flooring for the bathroom.  The sub floor is pressed wood-I was told this would have to be t
Flooring	Tile. have tile in kitchen , grout is continously comming loose  around tile and yet tile it self is not loose! even with a sea
Flooring	Terrazzo Floring. We have a Clubhouse with I believe Terrazo floors with the quartz flecks in it built in 1960-61 in mid- inlan
Flooring	berber carpet installation. Hello,  We are trying to install a cross stitch berber carpet however the rows are not running stra
Flooring	Shower stall rebuild/ tile. Hi Jim, I am remodeling a bath and wondering if the rubber membrane goes right on the sub floor the
Flooring	Mohawk everstrand substituted for smartstrand. We just finished having our home re-carpeted and repainted as a result of a wate
Flooring	Granite Tile. I would like to do granite tiles for my counter top as a cheaper alternative to granite slab. Is there anything s
Flooring	existing ceramic tile floor. I have an existing ceramic tile floor. I want to put down vinyl flooring. I have a dillema. the ba
Flooring	Porcelain  Tile. Hi Perry,  We are considering doing our kitchen floor, 300 sq. ft., with an Italian Porcelain 13x13 tile. The 
Flooring	My husband and I just recently.... My husband and I just recently had sheet vinyl installed in our  kitchen (Mannington African
Flooring	Removing Thin-set from loose floor tiles. Our ceramic tile is releasing from our concrete slab floor.  The thin-set is  stuck t
Flooring	old grout- replacing. I have an old house with old crackled ceramic tiles on the walls.  The grout is coming out in many places
Flooring	Staining or painting a stone tile floor. Stone Tile  Stone Tile   Hello.  We have a home about 9 years old.  In the kitchen are
Flooring	laminate glued down. I remember when laminate first came out it was glued down, but everyone is saying I'm crazy, am I?????????
Flooring	floor grout vs caulk. We had porcelain tile laid in our bathroom. They left a gap around the walls without grout and the basebo
Flooring	Exterior door adjustment during hardwood installation. I am having solid 3/4 oak plank installed in my front hall. When the re
Flooring	Carpet to Carpet. QUESTION: I am remodeling and I would like to put a new carpet over an old one that will not come up. I canno
Flooring	mobile home floors and cat urine ordor. We reside in a 70's model mobile home. In one of the bedrooms, the carpeting has been f
Flooring	PET carpet issues. Hello - my mom just installed some carpet in a finished room in her basement.  It looks great but as soon as
Flooring	carpet seam coming apart. I saw your answer to another on my same question. The seam is coming apart on my just a little over o
Flooring	tiles and plaster/cement. Dear Sir,  I am little concerned - though possibly paranoid as result of a home research on the inter
Flooring	Travertine. Perry,  I am considering Travertine to replace tile I currently have in my Shower area (walls and floor). I hate th
Flooring	Den flooring. I'm 70 years old, living alone and have a tweed color berber wall to wall carpet in a 11x9 den. It is a multi-use
Flooring	Ceramic Tile Removal. Can you tell me the name of the liquid adhesive used to remove the old glue after removable of the tile. 
Flooring	Tile Setting. Hi,  I am remodeling the bathroom and buying a very expensive porcelain tile. How should the tile guy set the til
Flooring	Cure time.. I have poured 2 to 3s of portland cement over an existing concrete interior floor. I would like to know when can I
Flooring	Indoor/outdoor carpet subfloor. I'm fixing up my screened in porch and part of this involves replacing the floor. I'm putting d
Flooring	Laminate Floor and moisture. QUESTION: 9 months ago we had a laminate floor installed. They used thin set and moisture barrier 
Flooring	Traviertine with Dogs. Hi: I really love those 18 X 18 Travertine tiles, Been thinking of them to do my kitchen and dining ro
Flooring	vinegar on marble. Is there anyway for me to repair a section of polished marble where some vinegar was spilled?  $750 is the p
Flooring	Basment Finishing. QUESTION: John,  I appreicate your help and expertise.  I live in a new home that had some water problems in
Flooring	kitchen remodel. We  finally decided to take the giant leap and remodel our kitchen. I am confused about which material is most
Flooring	clean/strip/seal interior brick floor. After home reno project our 8' wide 38' long interior brick hallway has ground in grunge
Flooring	carpet panels. i recently finished (a week ago) installing carpet panels (24x24) by milliken.  these have no glue or peel off
Flooring	Installing large travertine tiles upstairs. I am installing large travertine tiles to replace my carpeting in my upstairs maste
Flooring	laminate flooring installer selection. Hi there, I am thinking about purchasing some Allen & Roth snaplock laminate flooring fr
Flooring	flooring adhesive. I had a chlorine chloride? test done and failed with numbers avg 5.2. I was advised to use Bostik Best adhes
Flooring	vinyl plank flooring. what kind of glue do you recommend for vinyl plank tile? they call for novalis glue or henry 422. lowes o
Flooring	Tile shower and floor. We just had a ceramic tile and glass tile shower and bathroom floor installed. We chose white tiles with
Flooring	tiling. thank you, Jim. I forgot to ask, he did not seal grout! I know enough that it needs to be sealed or stains and moisture
Flooring	Brick Flooring - Mineral Deposits?. We purchased a home with brick floors that were refinished (grout lines and brick) a couple
Flooring	Laminate Flooring. We are looking to do our own demo on some laminate flooring put down almost 10 years ago.  We are pretty sur
Flooring	S cueve hardwood tile. QUESTION: Hi, We are installing Anderson engineered hardwood with an S curve to transtion between my den
Flooring	Plywood Floors. We are putting down plywood flooring.  My husband has set them in so that the  space between them are pretty cl
Flooring	Berber carpet. Hi Jim,    We were shopping for a carpet for our family/recreation room. I choose berber for its high durability
Flooring	Traveltine Flooring. Hello, I recently had traveltine flooring done. I chose to butt eachother tile. as a result it came out wi
Flooring	high traffic area. our kitchen has lg tile (which IS VERY COLD)& carpet that has 1 step down to the formal room and hang a righ
Flooring	grout dried too light. We recently had glass tile installed in our kitchen backsplash.  We chose a grout colour called raven an
Flooring	Mud to Underlayment transition. I'm in the process of tiling an entryway and hallway to match them to a dining and kitchen area
Flooring	How to proceed with marble installation. I am in the process of laying honed travertine in my home.  All the floors are concret
Flooring	hardibacker installation. I have been told that to ensure a good surface to install tile over that I want to put down 2 layers 
Flooring	slate sealer. I have just had a new honey tan slate installed throughout the house, including the shower base in the bathroom
Flooring	Hardwood on concrete slab. QUESTION: Hello Chris - thanks for your time. Some back ground; my slab is over three years old, abo
Flooring	ambient air. Hi, I am actually a student doing a report on flooring business. I was wondering if you could tell me what you kno
Flooring	rug repair. The edge of my living room rug borders a long tile hallway. The rug was originally glued down. It is now pulling aw
Flooring	Marble Backsplash. I have a stupid question. I am wanting to use marble stone tile 3 inches by 6 inches in my kitchen. My quest
Flooring	Installing 5 inch wide Hard wood. QUESTION: I am installing 5 inch wide Hard Wood in my house (1600sf).  I am getting conflicti
Flooring	mexican tile in kitchen and under cabinets. how easy or hard is it to remove the mexican tiles in my kitchen and be able to use
Flooring	design-carpets. I have one large room, dining room, living room - wood floors and wish to  purchase area rugs/carpets for both.
Flooring	mobilehome / tile / hardi / particle board. Its to my understanding that its not good to install tile in a mobile home do to th
Flooring	coordinating wood with cabinets. Hi, I have recently installed maple cabinets with granite countertops and want to put hardwood
Flooring	ceramic tile. Our front door entry puts one right into our living room (there is no foyer).  We have a very small section of vi
Flooring	ceramic floor tile installation. It was reccommended by the representative at the Home Improvement Center that I use a Multi Pu
Flooring	carpeting a basement. Hi Chris.  As we are finishing my basement, I am preparing the concrete floor for carpeting.  We have had
Flooring	How to correct grout selection error?. My wife wanted white tile in our 1950's era bathroom with subway tiles on the wall. She 
Flooring	Carpet and upholstery cleaning. Can you tell me what the difference is between professional carpet cleaning done with shampoos 
Flooring	carpet Glue. Is is necessary to remove old carpet glue before putting down self leveling cement to put down a heated ceramic ti
Flooring	brick floor needs refinishing. Hi Bill, We have lived in our house for 10 years and the brick floors laid by the previous owner
Flooring	laying hard wood flooring. I am having hard wood flooring installed from the foyer, through the dining room, living room, maste
Flooring	hardwood floor buckling. I have a 30 year old wooden floor that has severely buckled. Any guesses as to why this happened and w
Flooring	porcelain tile on existing wooden deck. I have read through a few threads about this topic on here and although I understand th
Flooring	Travertine Tile Lay out. We are in the process of laying out our game room with a Travertine non filled, chiseled edge Versaill
Flooring	Black slate showing signs of wear. I'm noticing some areas in my black slate floor that are showing fine scrathes which appear 
Flooring	floor tile instalation. My floor that I want to put ceramic tile on is concrete with those old asbestos tiles glued down with t
Flooring	flooring. dear sir,  i am constructing a new house and is stuck between choosing different options available for flooring. i ha
Flooring	residential vct sealer. Having vct installed in our home. With what should we seal it?  How soon after install can we do it? Do
Flooring	porcelain tile. what is the difference between laying ceramin and porcelain tile on cement? any special thinset or grout? they 
Flooring	Removing Vinyl Tile from a Hardwood Floor. Thanks for the info, Mr. Perea.  Because we have more time than money :-), we'll jus
Flooring	marble care. My son and daughter-in-law purchased a beautiful marbletop table that they have been using on their outdoor patio 
Flooring	kanga backed carpeting. In 2010 you gave a customer a comparison of kanga(cushion bonded)backed carpeting compared to conventio
Flooring	Laminite versus carpet. In general what is the percentage of carpet installed versus laminate flooring? Jim
Flooring	Insulation 1950s Apartment building floor. Hi,  I have an unusual problem!  Hope you can give me some GREAT advice!  I've lived
Flooring	mexican saltillo tiles stains  and wax or sealer. hoe do i strip and what is aromatic solvent?it is a very  large kitchen.
Flooring	Different Floor Stains, Same space. stairs   QUESTION: My home has nice oak flooring done in a light finish with darker golden 
Flooring	laying wooden flooring. Is it necessary to remove existing skirting board when laying a wooden floor
Flooring	Vinly Flooring. QUESTION: We are thinking of changing the vinyl floor in the bathroom and the laundry  room because of some sta
Flooring	transition between tile and concrete floor. Hi,  I am a designer with a question I can't seem to find a product for.  We are sp
Flooring	Self-Leveling Concrete Recipe. Hola Justin,  I shot a question to a supposedly extraordinary concrete expert on this forum and 
Flooring	Can VCT tiles be painted?. Our church has had VCT tiles for over 20 years, but about 10 years ago, carpet was glued down over t
Garden & Outdoor	What is this weed/grass and what to do with it?. I have a weed that looks like grass with a flower/seed/wheat looking thing at 
Garden & Outdoor	From where can I get tools, technology, nutritious plant food for the Soil-Less Farming and Vertical Farming? [closed]. I want 
Garden & Outdoor	Seeds not germinating. I have planted a couple herbs 2 - 3 weeks ago and this is the result.  It seems the wild rocket has pret
Garden & Outdoor	Pine tree spitting something when I get close. I was walking in the woods behind my house yesterday. It had rained in the morni
Garden & Outdoor	Can garlic grow without soil?. I recently opened my cabinet and noticed that a clove of garlic that I had was sprouting some ro
Garden & Outdoor	Shrub and Flower recommendations for creek bank prone to flooding. I have a small creek that runs through my yard.  The creek i
Garden & Outdoor	Wintering Carnivorous Plants. The flies, fruit flies, mosquitoes, and moths are getting really annoying and the spiders in the 
Garden & Outdoor	How to propagate day neutral strawberries which don't develop runners?. I just planted a Seascape Strawberry plant, which is da
Garden & Outdoor	What is considered a “cool climate” for cool climate plants? Can these plants better survive temporary frost?. Is a cool clima
Garden & Outdoor	What are these red spots on the leaves of my boysenberry plant?. Previously, I had issues with the sun scorching the leaves of 
Garden & Outdoor	What flowering bulbs grow well in an air conditioned office environment?. I want to grow some bulbs in my office. I have window
Garden & Outdoor	What is the name of this plant with 5-petaled pink flowers?. What is the name of this plant?      For what it is worth, the ima
Garden & Outdoor	What to call this latex material used to tie trees?. I got some special hollow (rope/wire/string/tube - I don't know how to cal
Garden & Outdoor	How do I grow roses from seed?. I'm starting with the assumption that roses can grow from seed, as that's how most plants repro
Garden & Outdoor	What are these little plants with round leaves, growing in my potting soil? [closed]. I have plants growing in my seedling pots
Garden & Outdoor	Is it harmful to prune summer bearing raspberries in early autumn?. I planted raspberry canes last autumn which have grown well
Garden & Outdoor	What is the problem/disease that causes bobbly peach tree leaves?. What is the likely cause of the bobbly forms on the leaves o
Garden & Outdoor	Will leaving fallen leaves on the lawn during winter damage the grass?. I have a lot of leaves on my lawn (in Oklahoma). Will i
Garden & Outdoor	How can I handle a cricket problem without using pesticides?. I have a problem with crickets eating my seedlings and young plan
Garden & Outdoor	Is it too late to start growing vegetables in June in a northern/cold climate?. I've gotten into gardening recently and I have 
Garden & Outdoor	How do I get rid of sand spurs?. How do I get rid of sand spurs?  These suckers pop up all over my lawn around this time of yea
Garden & Outdoor	How can I effectively grow strawberries in my borders without weeds suffocating them?. Even if I remove all weeds around my str
Garden & Outdoor	Should a citrus tree growing very close to the house be killed?. The previous owner of my house grew a citrus tree less than 1 
Garden & Outdoor	Mystery in Pennsylvania garden. This one has proven to be a real mystery, even when we asked a Master Gardener. Serrated edges,
Garden & Outdoor	Do I need an extra filter for aquaponics. In another question, it was mentioned that an aquarium filter like this would help in
Garden & Outdoor	Is it possible to grow a mango plant in the Phoenix climate?. I've been wanting to plant a mango seed; though I live in Phoenix
Garden & Outdoor	New construction, rough top soil spread, how to flatten it?. I recently moved into a new construction here this December, and s
Garden & Outdoor	Do opuntia (prickly pear) cacti readily form hybrids in the wild?. I suspect the answer is yes, because they are the most diver
Garden & Outdoor	How to prepare urea for orchard composting?. I've been told to follow up an infestation of apple scab by composting any leaf li
Garden & Outdoor	How much heat can a cherry chili pepper withstand?. How about 45 to 49 degree Celsius? In the morning, usually the temperature 
Garden & Outdoor	Why don't my radishes swell up?. When I grow radishes, I find that some of them don't swell up to form the globe I expect; inst
Garden & Outdoor	What's eating my Peaches?. Several of my peaches have this crystalised goop on the outside, as seen in the first picture.    Cu
Garden & Outdoor	How far (on average) do tree roots extend out from the base of the tree?. I a looking to plot out my new garden site for next y
Garden & Outdoor	Laying down Fescue sod in North Carolina in Late October. good idea?. I just scheduled a pallet of Fescue sod to delivered to m
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn-mowing: when to mulch and when to bag?. I know mulching when mowing is typically a good thing for the health of the yard. 
Garden & Outdoor	Planting in clear glass pot. I have a quite large clear-glass vase, that i would like to transform into a pot. What are the pro
Garden & Outdoor	How do I keep my balcony flowers hydrated while I'm away?. Seeing this indoor question made me look for an outdoor version of t
Garden & Outdoor	I have the flowers, but how can I get seeds from my basil?. My basil has produced very nice white flowers. It's still cold outs
Garden & Outdoor	How should I avoid pests in an open compost bin. I am starting composting. I have a pot (basically, a huge knee-high pot) that 
Garden & Outdoor	Why are these white dots appearing on my citrus and avocado trees and the leaves getting pale?. My Orange and small avocado tre
Garden & Outdoor	Moving lemon and satsuma trees?. I have a lemon and a satsuma tree in my yard that I planted roughly 2 years ago. So they are s
Garden & Outdoor	What is this low growing square-stemmed plant in my lawn?. I have a small, dense, spreading herbaceous perennial plant in my la
Garden & Outdoor	How can I safely prune a melon vine?. I have a volunteer melon vine (it looks like cantaloupe) growing at the end of my garden 
Garden & Outdoor	What is causing thin asparagus spears?. We have a 6 to 8 year old bed of asparagus last year late & now this year the spears on
Garden & Outdoor	Identify this seed pod. We got a bouquet of cut flowers from someone attending a party we were hosting. It included this thing 
Garden & Outdoor	Can tiny fruit bearing trees be grown in flower pots?. Is it possible to grow a tiny tree in a flower pot that can produce frui
Garden & Outdoor	How long does it take to start sweet potato slips?. @Om Patange asked this in a comment on this sweet potato question and I'm c
Garden & Outdoor	Why did my grape hyacinths put out leaves in the fall?. Normally my grape hyacinth only puts out leaves in the spring, but this
Garden & Outdoor	Does a cloche need to have sides?. This picture shows a home made cloche I knocked up in 5 minutes with a spare bit of plastic 
Garden & Outdoor	How do I stop palm trees from sprouting from the side?. My 6-7 year-old outdoor date palm trees are growing side-sprouts, resul
Garden & Outdoor	Why do all my chilli plants stop growing?. I have been growing chilli plants for the last couple if years. In the first year I 
Garden & Outdoor	What kind of orchid is this?. I got this at a Lowes in the clearance rack. Included is the slightly cryptic (to me) plant tag. 
Garden & Outdoor	Is Aloysia with brown spots drinkable?. The leaves of the my Aloysia plant developed brown spots. Initially I thought they were
Garden & Outdoor	How do I pump my bath water to my garden for watering?. After my kids have a bath, I want to be able to pump the water out into
Garden & Outdoor	When should I hang my mason bee house?. I bought a mason bee house from gardener's supply and I am wondering when should I hang
Garden & Outdoor	Can I use weed killer to eliminate grass growing between my bulbs?. In the borders on the front of my house, I have a number of
Garden & Outdoor	How much depth is needed for grass mats?. Simple question, how much (if any) soil is needed between the grass mat and the fleec
Garden & Outdoor	Can I use sweet potato leaves as a dynamic accumulator?. I have been thinking about growing Comfrey in my garden but I came acr
Garden & Outdoor	How do I determine soil moisture based on information from online weather systems?. I want to build an automatic garden/lawn wa
Garden & Outdoor	questions on deep root fertilization. One of the dog wood trees in my yard does not grow healthy.  The tree care professionals 
Garden & Outdoor	What should I do to improve a lawn growing on a new construction lot?. A builder built a new home for us last year (2013) and p
Garden & Outdoor	How do I make Emerald Green Arborvitae grow as fast as biologically possible?. I'm buying a bunch of these babies below to crea
Garden & Outdoor	Blocking Wind on a Rooftop Garden. I have an apartment with a rooftop patio/garden on a five-story building. It is the tallest 
Garden & Outdoor	Why are the lower leaves of my tropical Guava yellowing and dropping?. I had a Century Guava (世紀芭樂) shipped over from Taiwan to
Garden & Outdoor	What are the pros and cons of rubber vs wood mulches?. This question is just concerning the realm of landscaping for flowers ar
Garden & Outdoor	How can I water the plants on my balcony without dripping water on my downstairs neighbor?. I live in an apartment with a balco
Garden & Outdoor	An unexpected brown-violet mushroom in my garden. My grandma is a great fan of mushrooms and knows quite a lot about them. Abou
Garden & Outdoor	What are these white bugs all over my lettuce?. I noticed these tiny white bugs on several of my romaine leaves today. Detail i
Garden & Outdoor	Efficacy of “willow water” for improving propagation of cuttings. Willow water is a term for water that has had willow soaked
Garden & Outdoor	Garden Hoses: how safe are they?. After noticing that some garden hoses carry a warning, Not to be used for drinking water, I
Garden & Outdoor	Rats have transferred poison into my compost. Is the compost usable on vegetables?. Delighted to observe that the rat poison we
Garden & Outdoor	Why is my pepper plant dying?. I planted a capsicum/pepper plant about 5 months back and it's been growing well and producing a
Garden & Outdoor	Are millipedes  good or bad for the garden?. Are millipedes considered good or bad for plants?   From wikipedia:     Millipedes
Garden & Outdoor	What is the best way to over-winter bananas?. The new house also has a couple of banana trees! What is the best way of over-win
Garden & Outdoor	What features should I look for in a fertilizer spreader?. I have been asked to purchase a fertilizer spreader for someone as a
Garden & Outdoor	Cherry sapling has wilted leaves, dried trunk; is it dying?. I've posted earlier about my diseased cherry seedling.  Since then
Garden & Outdoor	Do wattles have the same ability to fix nitrogen from air as other legumes?. Do wattles (roughly Australian Acacia species) hav
Garden & Outdoor	How do I prune the roots of a rootbound plant?. This answer talks about pruning the roots of a plant when it has become rootbou
Garden & Outdoor	How to strengthen a leggy sapling?. I just received a Wonderful Pomegranate sapling in the mail. It is 18 inches tall. Its sing
Garden & Outdoor	Is the calcium deposit in my kettle utilized?. Can plants utilize the calcium that sediments in the kettle when water is boiled
Garden & Outdoor	How to get proper drainage in a pot with a built-in saucer?. I bought a 16'' wide plastic pot with a built-in saucer. The sauce
Garden & Outdoor	Corkscrew Swamp Sanctuary plant ID query. While visiting Corkscrew Swamp Sanctuary on January 19, 2014, I found this shrub or s
Garden & Outdoor	What is this leaf vegetable with red veins and leaf tips?. I live in Bristol, UK, and I have received this locally grown leaf v
Garden & Outdoor	Tomato plant flowering but falling before fruiting. Hi i have started a tomato plantation on my balcony and its flowering but t
Garden & Outdoor	How do roots absorb oxygen in hyrdroculture/hydroponics? [duplicate]. This question already has an answer here:                
Garden & Outdoor	Why does my cilantro have thin leaves? Why is my parsley not growing? When will they be ready for harvest?. My cilantro (plante
Garden & Outdoor	Orchids not flowering. I have these orchids that I bought three years ago and they are not flowering. At the beginning they alm
Garden & Outdoor	Why are my cucumber leaves turning yellow?. My cucumber plant's leaves are turning yellow.  Could it need nutrients already? It
Garden & Outdoor	Why are my chilli pepper leaves curling and new flowers are falling off?. Could you please tell me why my chilli pepper plant l
Garden & Outdoor	What's the most hardy red flesh apple for the Pacific Northwest?. I had two wonderful red flesh apples in Birch Bay, Washington
Garden & Outdoor	Growing in the Tropics. Can I grow peonies, camellias or magnolias in the tropics/Philippines? or at least a good substitute fo
Garden & Outdoor	Forcing a clover takeover of my lawn. I have weeds in my grass lawn. Not an uncommon situation, I understand.  I have a few typ
Garden & Outdoor	Brussel sprouts pest. Help!  I am a new gardener and am trying to grow Brussel sprouts in the VA mountains.  My plants are bein
Garden & Outdoor	Is this an elder or what is the shrub with red berries?. I have this shrub (of 3 meters height) in my garden and only realized 
Garden & Outdoor	Starting tomato from seed. We are wanting to grow tomato plants from seed this year.  We've not done this before, so we have so
Garden & Outdoor	Why is my pine tree turning brown?. I have 4 pine trees (not sure the type but they look like Christmas trees) in my back yard.
Garden & Outdoor	Fixing leaks from drip irrigation compression fittings. I have an older installation of .710 drip irrigation hose which has spr
Garden & Outdoor	Can I save my damaged Aloe vera plant?. I had an Aloe plant that had grown to about 10 tall, in the shape of a miniature Chris
Garden & Outdoor	which plants is it? small in size, long thin leaves. which plants is it? My mumma says it's a tree. Please help me identify.  I
Garden & Outdoor	Small aloe vera in small pot - will it get too big?. I bought a small aloe plant for my office and it came in a small pot (arou
Heating & AC	Is the air from central air condition cool enough?. The Return temperature = 80 Out of the air condition = 73 Is my central air
Heating & AC	recognised U.k degree which gives credits to work experience. I have 30 years experience in building services engineering such 
Heating & AC	How do i test for bad contacts on condenser. Hi hvac guys; this is my problem.   I have a new t-stat installed there is 240v  p
Heating & AC	6 inch diameter ice ball formed on Freon pipe. Normal wear and tear...?. OK, first the disclaimer... * I am 100% girl, I know n
Heating & AC	furnace model eb15c. When I turn the furnace on, the blower runs for about 5 minutes, then slows down and shuts off.  If I wait
Heating & AC	Air condition. How do you turn off the fan mode
Heating & AC	by2005 talking thermostat problems. Report and info buttons don't respond. Unit still works for ac, but you can't adjust it at 
Heating & AC	Blower Motor bad or what?. Howdy, My FURNACE/AC blower motor has quit workng.  Checked unit...the squirrel cage fan spins smoot
Heating & AC	Bryant model 310aav/jav. I have an 8 years old Bryant model 310AAV/JAV and is not heating.  I hear it running but the burners a
Heating & AC	York gas furnace - how do I find terminal C?. Hello,  I have a York gas furnace model P3URB12N07501B I purchased a Honeywell th
Heating & AC	Central heat will not shut off even when turned off at the thermostat!. I have central heat and air. When the thermostat reache
Heating & AC	What is difference in 16 seer to 18 seer. We are getting prices on a 16 seer & an 18 seer unit.  What is the difference in runn
Heating & AC	Is ethylene glycol a type of Polyalkylene Glycol ?. Is ethylene glycol a type of Polyalkylene Glycol ?
Heating & AC	old coleman mobile home thermostat. I have a mobile home that has an old Coleman electric heat and air that has the heat and co
Heating & AC	dual zone A/C not working properly. Hello  We moved into our new home (house was built in 2000) last spring and we had our AC s
Heating & AC	Amana ac compressor won't start. I have an amana compressor and yesterday it stopped working. When I turn on the ac the cooling
Heating & AC	where is locate Rheem Furnace  3 amp fuse rcha 36a2g. where is location Rheem Furnace  3 amp fuse rcha 36a2g.
Heating & AC	AC Fan Runs Constantly Even if Unit is Turned Off!. I have a two story house with two air conditioning units.  One for the upst
Heating & AC	blower motor wiring - 6 colors, but no black or white wire!. Please help! Wiring new blower motor, stored since manufactured in
Heating & AC	wall furnace produced a bang when lites. When the wall furnace lites it produces a bang and some fire around the propane entran
Heating & AC	Wiring Honeywell Programmable Thermostat. I am having trouble figuring out the wiring for a new programmable thermostat install
Heating & AC	Centigrade to Fahrenheit. Some how my unit got changed to centigrade like to know how I can change it back to Fahrenheit
Heating & AC	there is a lot of water leak coming from the vent connected to my gas furnace. i found that my furnance is leaking a lot of wat
Heating & AC	checking a capacitor. how do you check a capacitor on a outside condenser
Heating & AC	Pilot Light will not stay lit on hot water heater. My pilot light will not stay lit.  I replaced the thermocouple.  The flame i
Heating & AC	What's the best condenser fan speed control to use? Will it save on my electric bill?. What's the best condenser fan speed cont
Heating & AC	whats the best filter for a 1988 Trane Xe 60?. I finally found the opening for the filter, but there is not a slot.  I have b
Heating & AC	gas fireplace fumes. my natural gas fireplace worked fine the first yr. [installed new] now it has bad fumes. i cleaned it good
Heating & AC	low suction from filter on my ac unit. The pipe to the outside unit keeps freezing and there is low suction from the filter in 
Heating & AC	new amana heater not working. We have an Amana heater and central air thingy, we have called and spent hundreds of dollars for 
Heating & AC	Replacing a Coleman mobile home furnace. Hello,  I recently purchased a 1972 Fleetwood with the original Coleman 7680 furnace. 
Heating & AC	3 ton evaporator coil with 5 ton condenser. Will a 3 ton coil work with a 5 ton condenser?
Heating & AC	Linking Honeywell Chronotherm Plus IV to AC unit. I have a Chronotherm IV being used wirelessly to control one of two furnaces 
Heating & AC	Leaky compression joints in flexible copper pipe for swamp cooler.. Installed almost 100 ft. of new 1/4 flexible copper piping
Heating & AC	Furnace Squirrel cage suddenly loud. This is a ten-year old Goodman GMPN100-4.    Today the motor suddenly increased in noise. 
Heating & AC	clare furnace company/xvaq64-4. It look's like the plenum is leaking water can this part be replced? Don't tell I need a new fu
Heating & AC	I need a schematic for a Rheem AC Unit Model RRGG-370-150-EB.. I am working on an AC unit that has not been in operation for qu
Heating & AC	replacing  seco 24 vac ta2000 stat with a honeywell ct3611- does the black w go. I am replacing a Seco 24 VAC TA2000 with a Hon
Heating & AC	Rite temp8022c. I can't get the air conditioning to turn on the heat works fine. I have old wiring. I have the blue connect to 
Heating & AC	goodman furnace blower motor problems. furnace blower motor not working. it hums when trying to engage.
Heating & AC	Trouble shooting Rheem hot water heater. How do I figure out what part is wrong with my Rheem Power Vent S/N 1094 D22371: which
Heating & AC	Haier HG80B10012A. I just bought this furnace.. And I want to install it as a downflow.. Do I just flip the whole furnace upsid
Heating & AC	Basement air conditioner installment question.. Two years ago I had my basement renovated and the contractor installed an air c
Heating & AC	High and low side pressure readings on home AC R-22 refrigerant. I would like to find out the normal operating range of pressur
Heating & AC	pressure switch open with inducer on?. I have an intertherm propane furnace, new in 2006 we just turned propane back on for th
Heating & AC	air handler. I have Air handling unit with two inlet water and two outlet, i wanna know how to install it with header which com
Heating & AC	amana air command high efficiency 80 gas furnace. my amana air command high efficiency 80 gas furnace is not heating the house,
Heating & AC	gmp075-3 troubleshooting. The main blower comes on by itself and it tries to light, led blinks constantly... is the transformer
Heating & AC	Air Handler Blower runs for 20 seconds then stops for 3 seconds. Tempstar Air Handler FXM4X4800A1 Installed 09/2010. Tempstar H
Heating & AC	Why is ac unit blowing warm air?. Air handler, compressor and fan all working. Air Temperature at handler is 69 degrees.
Heating & AC	HVAC Troubleshooting Questions. Our AC has stopped giving us cool air a few times. A few months ago it did this I turned the br
Heating & AC	Trane XE 80 Problems Fan will not run. Fan motor will not start or run in Auto or manual
Heating & AC	we need a new a/c unit 2 bedroom 1 floor condo,what size will we need ?. our central a/c is blowing cool at best and we need a 
Heating & AC	Why is my HVAC which is new running constantly at 73 degree F. what is responsible for my system running constantly.Could it be
Heating & AC	why is the outside unit of my central heat and air not working. My outside fan on my air conditioner is not working. I can turn
Heating & AC	Miller mobile home furnace. My miller home furnace MMHA-077ABHR-02 has a UT Electronic Controls 1018 series hot surface ignitor
Heating & AC	goodman air handler 24 vac common wire terminal. Have a Goodman AWUF300816BA Air Handler, Single Cool, Heat Strip (No Heat Pump
Heating & AC	where is the fuse box in a Lenox furnace.  The a/c will not kick in.. My a/c does not kick in.  Where can I find the fuse box i
Heating & AC	My Noma thermostat does not back light any more... My Noma thermostat does not backlight anymore. I tried changing the batterie
Heating & AC	what is the watts for 35 yrae old chromalox 8 feet electric baseboaer heater. I have an 8 feet chromalox electric  baseboard he
Heating & AC	Beacon Morris BRU-45, won't ignite. I have a garage heater, ceiling mounted, Beacon Morris, BRU-45. I am trying to fire it up f
Heating & AC	Thermostat problems or furnace problems. Is it possible that a thermostat operates correct all the time except when it reaches 
Heating & AC	Honeywell RTH7000 thermostat problem. I have a new Honeywell RTH7500 programmable Tstat, fan will run in continuous fan mode bu
Heating & AC	Payne Air Conditioning Unit. do the shutoff valves on my old payne ac unit work backwards?
Heating & AC	Lennox AC -- fan not working. lennox A/c will not run.  The fan runs for 30 secounds and then it does not run at all.  I have c
Heating & AC	Coil problems. How long should the coil last before rusting out
Heating & AC	Hunter Digital Thermostat filter light flashing. Why does the change filter light continue to flash after installing a new filt
Heating & AC	Robertshaw 9520 to hunter 44127 wiring detail. I have a Robertshaw 9520 tstat and I want to move the wires to a Hunter 44127,44
Heating & AC	blower motor works in heat mode not in cooling mode. I have an older kenmore furnace. the blower motor comes on in the heat mod
Heating & AC	I need a plug-in 20A/220V timer for A/C.. I live in an apartment, so can't wire in a timer, so have been trying to find a timer
Heating & AC	Bryant Furnace Ignitor brand new, but doesn't want to start.. Age of equipment: 2001 is the model year as best as I can tell Br
Heating & AC	maple chase thermostat 09500. Our thermostat is blinking and we do not know what this means should we change the batteries or i
Heating & AC	Short cycles. Won't keep running. Heats up quick and shuts off. Hot water won't take priority..
Heating & AC	replacement thermostat for totaline p274-0200. I have a totaline p274-0200 thermostat and looking for a replacment, that I coul
Heating & AC	where does gray wire connect on a honeywell rth6350 thermostat. My old thermostat was a honeywell  CT3611.   I bought a new Hon
Heating & AC	Flooding with Hydronic Heating Systems. Can a special pressure DROP differential valve be installed at the main waterline thu
Heating & AC	G e replacement blower motor. Do u know where the wires all go. The replacement motor has  red black yellow blue brown brown an
Heating & AC	goodman central air not turning on. When calling for ac the unit does not respond. The t-stat ac symbol blinks when calling for
Heating & AC	My furnace fan won't run in the fan on position on the thermostat.. My furnace fan won't run in the fan on position on the ther
Heating & AC	Low voltage wiring for janitrol. I found a furnace that had the common on the transformer grounded to the cabinet?and the commo
Heating & AC	Coleman DGAA090bd. Coleman DGAA090BDTB light was flashing indicating an open limiter switch.  the lower switch is good.  The fa
Heating & AC	replacement fuse. I am trying to locate the front fuse on our Coleman Presidential 2 electric furnace. It has the #13484 on the
Heating & AC	A/c not cooling enough. I have a 2 story single family home , total HLA 1400-1700. Ive lived in the house for  almost 3   yea
Heating & AC	Evap coil only half cold. My evaporator coil will only get ice cold on the lower portion and the upper half is warm .  What wou
Heating & AC	My outside Lennox A/C unit not coming on, fan runs, but nothing else.. Hi! My outside Lennox A/C unit (approx. 4 years old) is 
Heating & AC	icp furnace troubleshooting. I have a ICP furnace model FBF075B12A my problem is the fan run at all times and wont shut off I w
Heating & AC	Lennox A/C HSXA15 outside unit not working. Hello,  I've checked the breakers, used a volt meter to confirm voltage to both the
Heating & AC	No ignition. Furnace won't light. Red light blinking 7 times.
Heating & AC	What is causing loud rattle when the A/C is on?. Furnace was being inspected and now there is a loud rattle with the A/C on, wa
Heating & AC	58sta019-16. Power surge blew my 3amp fuse. Replaced but still wont come on. 24volts gets to the board but will not turn unit o
Heating & AC	Heil Furnace Troubleshooting Guide. The furnace heats up and fan works when in the fan on position.  When i put it in auto the 
Heating & AC	Air handler wiring. How do I wire thermostat,air handler and condenser when air handler has only 3 control wires green,brown, a
Heating & AC	Setting duel thermostats in the summer. We have a two story house with duel thermostats. My brother-in-law has the upstairs set
Heating & AC	coleman hvac split ac-recall. is there a recall on coleman furnace/ac (split unit)
Heating & AC	how to fix puctured window a/c line. i used the wrong screw and puctured one of the u shaped copper line on my frigidaire 5000 
Heating & AC	Lennox G26 Elite series furnace problems. I have a G26 Elite Series furnace. The inducer motor comes on as well as the flames f
Heating & AC	where to find rheem imperial 80 plus furnace blower. My furnace blower seems imbalanced when it runs.  You can hear noise comin
Heating & AC	Heat won't shut off.. I have a totaline P474-1100REC receiver.  It was working perfectly, matched to a totaline wireless digita
Heating & AC	What type of filter do I need for My Bryant Plus 80 Energy Efficient Gas Furnace. What type of Filter do I need for Product # 3
Heating & AC	Adding r 22 keeps dropping my suction pressure. Why is it that no matter what I do my suction drops I add refridgerent it drop
Home Repair	Looking for good, cheap siding for garage. Hi.  My name is Curtis.  I live in the mountains of central Colorado.  I'm having a 
Home Repair	sloping floors and how to support. Hi.  I own an old Victorian Italianate house, built 1874 of massive beams.  Some floors are 
Home Repair	crumbling basement walls. We are renovating the finished basement of a 1929 bungalow. When the walls were removed, we discove
Home Repair	ground water appearing after foundation repair. QUESTION: I recently had 22 foundation piers placed around the outside of my at
Home Repair	Old House Fondation replacement. My wife an I want to by a old (1860ish) house in Central NY. The problem is the front (west) w
Home Repair	concrete. Nicholas, I am a home inspector in north florida, and I constantly see concrete flooring cracks in new construction a
Home Repair	sinking foundation. I live in baltimore county maryland.  The 40 year old kitchen addition to my house is sinking.  I have rece
Home Repair	Foundation Stabilization and Repair. The foundation of my house is set up on concrete blocks, with the slope of my land going d
Home Repair	Slab Movement Seasonal. Hi, Ed. Our house is on a slab which moves with seasons. This causes differences in some door openings 
Home Repair	inulating over stucco. we have a home that is about 90 years old.  there is wood siding, then tar paper then stucco.  do we hav
Home Repair	Older home with uneven floors/lots of cracks. Ed,  First, thanks for taking the time to read this and answer!   My husband and 
Home Repair	Slab over footing sinking i the middle. QUESTION: I have a 17 x 17 concrete patio on the back of my house. The 6 thick slab is
Home Repair	Porch foundation. Hello I had my house a (cape cod) built by a contractor in 1989 who put in a basement with poured concrete fo
Home Repair	Soil Eroding from under foundation footer. Footer Eroding When it comes to foundations I am clueless.  I live in Hermitage, TN 
Home Repair	Stair like cracking on a new home. Hi, I am writing to ask about this because it seems to be a little bit of a concern. We have
Home Repair	Concrete Pillar Pad. Great website ! Bruce posted a question on 12/4/07 regarding crawl space pillars etc.  I have the exact sa
Home Repair	Basement Odor. Hi Jim, I live in the Somerset NJ area, in a 30 year old house. I�m living in this house now a little over five 
Home Repair	Concrete staining. I have a large corner colored concrete fountain that was experiencing an algae problem. I over-dozed a chlor
Home Repair	Pergola Plan Change. QUESTION: Hi.. The plans for my (attached) pergola have changed (wife complained).  Can you please help ag
Home Repair	Rafters for a pergola. QUESTION: I am building a 14'x20' pergola using trated pine. The four posts will be 6x6. The beams wil
Home Repair	Foundation or Drainage Problem?. I have a two floor house with a basement, and in the basement there are a lot of cracks going 
Home Repair	Concrete Block Wall Foundation. The concrete block wall foundation in my basement is really bowed.  The stuff between the block
Home Repair	Garage converstion. Hi Brian,  The garage was built in the late 80's and to the untrained eye is in great shape.  I don't need 
Home Repair	stabilize footer under brick facade. QUESTION: 1974 Georgian style brick facade 2-story SE MI home. Basement is under main part
Home Repair	sagging floors/wall separation. The house was built in the early 1900's one level.The problem-the living room floor is slanting
Home Repair	helical vs. push piers. Our 39 year-old cinder block foundation house, which is built on marine clay in Northern Virginia, has 
Home Repair	deteriorating foundation. QUESTION: The concrete foundation on my 40 yr old home in buffalo NY is deteriorating from the outsid
Home Repair	Water seeping thorugh block basement wall. Hello! I've recently noticed this past week (after living in our house for 5 years) 
Home Repair	3 foot hole in outer foundation wall.. Hello. I am a young homeowner that recently purchased my grandfathers house, constructed
Home Repair	ground level foundation. My garage foundation in my newly purchased home is the same level as the ground.  There are no gutters
Home Repair	How much should I charge?. Hi Gene  I work constructin with a company but im starting to get small job for myself. I don't kno
Home Repair	Pavillion. QUESTION: I just built a 24x48' pavilion.  10 each 6x6's, in the ground 36 inches, in 18 inch diameter holes poured 
Home Repair	poured foundation repair. QUESTION: I have a poured foundation that is almost 100 years old and is starting to leak. It was pou
Home Repair	fences. I have an older home in a neighborhood that is not so great.  The windows facing the street gets broken often.  I wante
Home Repair	anchor foundation wall to slab. I have a 15 ft by 65 ft slab 6 inches thick. I am putting a six foot foundation wall around the
Home Repair	Drywall Over OSB Cracking at Tape Joints. Hi Bruce,  We are remodeling a 125-year-old home from the ground up. We started by in
Home Repair	Construction drawing. I live in Florida and have a screened in lanai in my backyard.  It was a full roof and slab floor with fo
Home Repair	lean-to shed. I want to add a carport to the side of my house, but with no outside wall or posts.  It'll be corrugated steel on
Home Repair	foundation leaking water into basement. Hello, We purchased our home 2 years ago and since have noticed water problems in the b
Home Repair	house with cracked walls. Hi!  I'm considering buying a brick house, but the walls inside are cracked in a  few places, mostly 
Home Repair	cracked and bowed block basement wall. hi i have a raised bungalow built in the early 50's with a block foundation aprox. 8' hi
Home Repair	cracks in slab. our house is a block house inner and outer walls windows and doors seem ok,about 3 years ago we had 2 slab leak
Home Repair	house on slab. hi..i have lived for a long time in a house that has a slab and of course no foundation. this is in miss. and he
Home Repair	Crack in concrete ledge & brick on porch corner. Our house is a two story colonial & is about 100 years old.  There are four co
Home Repair	rock foundation wall detioration. We own a 3 story house in Vancouver. It was built in 1912. It has rock  foundation walls. 25 
Home Repair	Bowing Basement Wall. Jim -  We've got a house that we are selling.  The house has a block foundation with clay fill.  The prob
Home Repair	house foundaton replacement. A section of my 100 year old farm house is sitting on concrete piers that are placed about 4 feet 
Home Repair	crumbling block. My house is about 110 yrs old and inside the garage wall at the bottom there is on row of crumbling block (see
Home Repair	Vertical Crack in Basement Wall. Hello Jim, I live in Denver and we just bought a house built in 1949. There is a vertical crac
Home Repair	Insulation. Hi I have a brick house that's about 55 years old and it has plaster walls so between the plaster walls and the bri
Home Repair	adjusting teleposts. Hi Ed,  I recently bought a 20 year old house, and the home inspector pointed out a fair sized crack in th
Home Repair	moisture in basement and cracking of drywall. Dear Ed,  I was reading your answer to Liz and it sounded so much like my problem
Home Repair	OLD House. Our 800 sq ft house was built back in 1937 and over the years the clay soil has taken its toll on the basement walls
Home Repair	floors falling through...wet rot. Sir, I would appreciate any information....my dad passed away last week and my mom is living 
Home Repair	Small Loft Storage in Garage. I recently had a two car garage constructed and want to add a small loft storage area. The space 
Home Repair	Basement Remodel. QUESTION: Plan to finish basement.Block foundation(gets wet in a few spots)Using metal studs and mold/moistur
Home Repair	Gas Flue. Hi there! Is there a required distance that you have to adhere too with regards to a gas fire & its outlet flue [heig
Home Repair	concrete driveway. About a year ago our son epoxyed our driveway - his first-time job. Over the months, it has faded in spots a
Home Repair	paneling. how to successfully remove old brown paneling in a kitchen/dining room. will the sheetrock underneath have to be repl
Home Repair	Adding a 2' extension. We're in Calgary, AB, and have a 10 year old house on a nice, wide lot. Wondering about the feasibility 
Home Repair	awning vents. I am preparing to insulate the flat roof of my new addition. I intend to install awning vents but I am concerned 
Home Repair	Sound reducing panel. Our neighbors air conditioner is right outside our bedroom window. It runs all day whether it is hot or n
Home Repair	Foamboard, House Wrap or Both?. Hello,    I have an 1874 colonial in Northwestern Massachusetts and I am in the process of gett
Home Repair	exposed ends of support beams in basement. Support Beams Hello Michael, I am concerned about the support beams in my basement. 
Home Repair	Exterior Wall Crack. Jim,  I have a vertical/slightly diagonal crack outside the house measuring 1/16 to  1/8 width beginning a
Home Repair	suspended concrete garage floor. Can you recommend a specification for a suspended floor, 22-ft. x 22 ft., supported on ICF fou
Home Repair	Exterior door sill. I have a timber front door and frame that the  sill has become rotten and would like to replace just the si
Home Repair	adding a 3 season porch to L shaped ranch. QUESTION: What is the roof style when adding a 3 season porch to an L shaped ranch, 
Home Repair	Morter joints on exterior block wall. Jim  I have motor joints popping on my exterior of my house. The house is 10 years old an
Home Repair	foundation cracks -basement wall-vertical. The house is a new construction, foundation was poured about 6 months ago. I haven't
Home Repair	Egress nightmare. I had an egress window installed after I had a fire in my home.  When they installed it they didn't put a cap
Home Repair	Cabin with shifting problem. I am having an issue with my cabin.  The cabin was built in 1991 and put on 6x6 beams with a crawl
Home Repair	Double Brick wall Integrity. Jim, I live in a 1890's Victorian townhouse with double brick construction for the walls.  We are 
Home Repair	salt deposits in basement and cracks in outside skim coat. hi,  i live in portland, oregon. my house was built in the 1920s wit
Home Repair	Replacing Pier and Post with Perimeter. I just put an offer on a 1920's house with a slowly sinking pier and post foundation.  
Home Repair	what type of contractor to hire for... replacement of a lally column in basement. I have a lally column set in cement. It is ho
Home Repair	Basement Seepage. Hello,  Thanks for taking the time to look at my question.  I have a 65yr old Michigan house with a block fou
Home Repair	bad oder in my home. my husband and i bought a our house about 3 yrs ago in miami, fl it is not a new house but the couple that
Home Repair	flat roof pergola. This is a simple question. I want to build a pergola flat ( not pitched). The length of the area is 6 metres
Home Repair	siding. I live 1 1/2 hours north of New York City. A contractor did a renovation of my home. He removed the old siding, insulat
Home Repair	building a shed on a brick foundation. Hi Dave,  I recently moved into a home with a little shed in the back.  The old shed sit
Home Repair	Barn loft hay storage. QUESTION: My goal is to add a hay loft to the small (24'x24') barn I just built. It is supported by nine
Home Repair	creating an entrance from room into the garage. The ranch house I just purchased contains two garage areas side-by-side - the o
Home Repair	carbon fiber technology. Can Carbon Fiber technology be installed by a homeowner?  Have been reading about it and would like to
Home Repair	Cracks in corners of foundation. QUESTION: Hi there, I have cracks in the corners of my foundation.  I'll try to give as much i
Home Repair	How long should a quality foundation repair last. Hi Jim,  In 1996 I repaired my poured foundation wall - all four sides. I rem
Home Repair	slab for mobile home. I need to figure the cost for a  slab for a 28' by 60' Doublewide Manufactured Home. We are hoping to upg
Home Repair	beams. I recently jacked up my cabin and had a 8' concrete basement installed.  I am trying to get rid of posts in my basement 
Home Repair	cracks and popping sounds in walls. QUESTION: My wife and I have a 16-year old house. Always a few squeaks in the floor - no bi
Home Repair	adding a 2nd story on a 1943 pier and beam house. You advised someone that it is okay to build a second story if the house is s
Home Repair	condensation in home actually raining in home. QUESTION: I have a customer in oct of 08 after having a roof leak had the back h
Home Repair	Removing brick piers under single level house. Hi, I am looking to buy a small house built on brick piers, its built about 8 fo
Home Repair	fixing basement walls. I live in a house that is over a 100 years old. the problem that I have is I want to create a play area 
Home Repair	Condensation in Cold Room. I live in Toronto,  I have an 8' x 8' cantina (cold room) in the basement directly under my front po
Home Repair	Precast or concrete block/Modular Home. Brian:  In my area certain modular (not manufactured) homes are affordable.  I was wond
Home Repair	what does schedule of values mean in the contracting business?. i am new to the bidding business and am cleaning a 6000 sq foot
Home Repair	cross brace. I took the ceiling tiles down in my living room. I want to replace it with drywall. There is no cross bracing betw
Home Repair	venting lean-to roof. QUESTION: Bruce:  I'm currently adding an addition to my kitchen that is covered by a lean-to roof with a
Home Repair	Bowing  Block Foundation. I live in an all brick ranch style home with a block foundation built in the 1950's. When I purchased
Home Repair	custom house questions. hello  I am sorry to have a few questions to ask, and I understand that some or all of them might not b
Interior Design	vanity lighting. Hi Jim, what height would I install  lights over a double sink vanity in a bathroom where the ceiling is 10 fe
Interior Design	Wall color. I have a woodlands decor.  The carpet is burgundy and the furniture is like a country blue.  What colors would look
Interior Design	FAUX FINISHING FOR NURSERY. Jenny,      I am currently working on decorating my son's nursery (he was born a premie on 2/4/04 -
Interior Design	room color. my family has a game roon of sorts. It has a foos ball table, computer, tv and ps2 game.  I'm trying to make it see
Interior Design	Hello.  I am a young woman.... Hello.  I am a young woman on a disability pension.  I live on my own, in a modest, one bedroom 
Interior Design	Color palette. Hello, I am moving into a new townhouse and will be putting in natural horizontal bamboo floors.  I currently ow
Interior Design	My home is decorated in traditional.... My home is decorated in traditional decor with some modern flair.  I want to purchase s
Interior Design	Base board Color. Hi Jenny, How are ya? In our home our walls are painted an almond color.  My wife wanted to know besides the 
Interior Design	Furniture revamping. Hi, I don't know if this falls under your expertise, but I was wondering if you could offer your advice or
Interior Design	Dining Table Lighting Problem. QUESTION: We just remodeled our kitchen and our new chandelier doesn't have a down light feature
Interior Design	Cornices. We recently bought an older house (built about 1967)and two of the bedrooms have wooden cornices (I think that is the
Interior Design	How do i create this effect?. I have a picture with some lighting on it, if I can have your e-mail I will forward it to you... 
Interior Design	vanity. Hi:  We are doing 2 new vanities - one a 24 round and the other 30 rectangular  shape.  What type of fixture will pro
Interior Design	3 pane bathroom mirror with built in T8. 3 hollow frame 1-1/2 deep panes with mirror on top and  with  T8 bluit in in every pa
Interior Design	? painting my fil cabinets. We have metal file cabinet/can't afford to buy quality wood file cabinets or desk. Need your help i
Interior Design	French Country Living Room. Dear Jenny,  You may remember me :) I wrote some time ago about our front/formal living room in o
Interior Design	Replacing type of ceiling fixture. Hi Jim - I have a halogen ceiling light fixture and I really like the fixture design/style, 
Interior Design	Vanity lighting. We purchased a Rothdale double sink 74vanity with 2 large matching mirrors  each  measuring 18 x 41. The va
Interior Design	lighting. would a balance light be good for my son while he is in college doing architecture work
Interior Design	antique lamp. I purchased this lamp at a flea market because i like the unique design. It a foor lamp except it has curve about
Interior Design	Decorating. I wrote an email on Monday re: my decorating question and haven't heard anything back...
Interior Design	Old kerosene lamp (floor type) and the missing shade. My husband inherited an old lamp that has three separate 'lights' that ar
Interior Design	LED lights in kitchen. Hi.  We're remodeling our kitchen and are planning to use LED lights for  recessed ceiling and undercabi
Interior Design	Lighting over Dining Table. What size light should hang over a 60 inch round table and how high above the table should it be?
Interior Design	Decorating a homeschool room. We are converting a 10'6 X 13' bedroom into a homeschool room. Two of the walls will have desks 
Interior Design	Who is my house?. I live in a small duplex. Living room, breakfast area and kitchen are all open to one another and tightly pac
Interior Design	Sofa color/style. I have a large family room with a vaulted ceiling. We painted the ceiling cream and the walls we painted a co
Interior Design	Plants for my solarium. I have recently bought a house that has a wonderful solarium.  I am very ecologically challenged and wo
Interior Design	Room partition. Hello.  I am contacting you from the UK, I think you might be American so it might be less easy for you to help
Interior Design	wiring a timer switch. I want to wire a timer switch but the existing set up is what I believe to be a switch loop setting.  Th
Interior Design	Colors. I don't like clutter....I like my rooms simple, clean, sleek lines. 1. Tan carpet in living room, what color furniture.
Interior Design	mixing and matching furniture. What are the basic rules about mixing and matching the colors and types of wood furniture?  I am
Interior Design	Dining room chandelier.. I moved into a new house two weeks ago and while I was cleaning I broke the glass lamp on one of the a
Interior Design	Light Fixtures. What determines how far a hanging light is hung from a ceiling, when it as adjustable with a chain type fixture
Interior Design	Kitchen painting & oak cabinets. I have just bought a house that has all oak cabinets in the kitchen (as well as oak molding al
Interior Design	Entry foyer Lighting. We have a 2 story entry, approximately 15-16'.  We are deciding between 2 light fixtures.  They are aroun
Interior Design	BATHROOM MIRRORS. QUESTION: I HAVE A LARGE BATHROOM WITH L SHAPED CABINETS - HIS AND HER SINKS BUT THE CABINET IS CONNECTED. I 
Interior Design	potlights in kitchen. Hi Jim, I wasnt able to repond to you via the regular way, not sure why I didnt get the email regarding t
Interior Design	kitchen lighting. I have purchased a kitchen light (which turns out to be non-returnable.  It is a  pendant chandelier hangin
Interior Design	changing color of chandelier. QUESTION: I would like to spray my gold toned chandelier to a bronze finish.  Do you see any prob
Interior Design	outside pendant. My front entrance which has a stucco portico above it would look great with a hanging exterior pendant above t
Interior Design	flush mount light over dining table. My dining room table (60X30, rectangular, oak, double-pedestal, heirloom) and the view beh
Interior Design	size of mirror. Hi Jim, I have a powder room that is 39 1/2 inches wide. My vanity is 36 in wide. If I put a mirror that is 24 
Interior Design	floor lamp that turns on with wall switch?. I've recently moved to a new house, and was told that one of our mains plugs is a s
Interior Design	proper scale for light fixutres. I have a foyer with a butterfly staircase, 20'ceilings, and 18' width. What diameter of a chan
Interior Design	table lamps. couch configuration in middle of room not allowing table lamps to be used due to sockets only in walls.  Do not wa
Interior Design	How hight should be my sofa end table lamps?. QUESTION: Hi, I want to decorate my living room with the lamps that i want to pla
Interior Design	1950 motion lamp. I recently purchased one of these lamps, The Fountain of Youth, it appears to be in very good condition.  My 
Interior Design	bathroom lighting over vanity. We have a 2 bowl 5' wide vanity with 5 wide mirror above vanity. We are raising the vanity and 
Interior Design	pot lights in kitchen. We would like to install potlights around the perimeter of our 16 x 16 kitchen.  We will also have other
Interior Design	A Dark Living room. I have a dark LR. It is a 50 year old farm house with tongue and groove ceilings. This makes the LR and DR 
Interior Design	Unique Lamps. Lamp Hello, I have recently acquired this set of brass and marble lamps. I have done some research via the Intern
Interior Design	pendants on vaulted ceiling over vanity. I have a 10 by twelve bathroom remodel underway.  It is very traditional, however, I w
Interior Design	Vanity Lighting. Sorry to bother you again about lighting my vanity.  I plan to heed your advice but have one last question.  Y
Interior Design	Lamp shades. I have an old 50-60's style metal table lamp that I am renovating. It has three metal lamp shades connected to a s
Interior Design	small bedroom windows. Hello, My question is - I have a 70's ranch style home, with two short, high and wide windows in the Mas
Interior Design	Using Dimmer switch with Compact Fluorescent Bulb. I have two Wheel hub light fixtures (handmade) hooked to a dimmer switch in 
Interior Design	dining room lighting - square or rectangular?. We have an 8-person rectangular dining table, with extension leaves. Since we ar
Interior Design	Dining Room Lighting. We have a 100 year old dutch colonial home, and recently moved the rooms around.  Our dining area now nee
Interior Design	Painting lawn furniture. My husband brought home a couple of lawn chairs that braved Hurricane Andrew. Therefore, they need alo
Interior Design	Positioning of light fixture over dining table. For the first time I have a dining room, so I've had no experience positioning 
Interior Design	small bathroom. Suggesttions for a small bathroom. 5 by 71/2 feet with a 8 1/2ceiling.Also has  2 doors, small  window and a re
Interior Design	Going for Grey. Is there such a thing as a grey light bulb? I find white light too harsh and would like something a little dull
Interior Design	Kitchen Theme. Hi Jenny,  My husband and I just recently remodeled our kitchen. We have tahiti sand (swanstone) counter tops th
Interior Design	Making a Fire Out of Lights. Hello,   I am working on a project for my job. I am trying to simulate a fire by using little Chri
Interior Design	special lamp to go in special plug??. I've recently moved to a new house, and was told that one of our mains plugs is a special
Interior Design	table lamp. It was many years ago, but I can recall seeing table lamps where the shade  turned.  It was a nature scene  on the 
Interior Design	help!! re: recessed lighting (cans). Hi - I have to make a decision in just a couple of days about this: we're doing a major re
Interior Design	Mixing stained wood & painted wood.  We have a multi-level home. Whether you enter our home through the front door or through t
Interior Design	Sunroom decorating. Hello Jenny!  I have a 10*12 sunroom off of my kitchen.  My kitchen is decorated with plaid wallpaper (bric
Interior Design	paint paneling. The walls of my house are all paneled ala 1979. Can I paint the panel directly or give it a white-washed look w
Interior Design	CFL troubles. QUESTION: We have been given contradictory informtion from a lighting store.  We are  both getting older and my h
Interior Design	Kitchen Pendant Light. We would like to replace a light fixture that hangs over the kitchen table.  The 3 way switch is on the 
Interior Design	How high should be my sofa end table lamps?. QUESTION: Hi, I want to decorate my living room with the lamps that i want to plac
Interior Design	exterior coach lanterns. At what height would I install 19 Coach Lanterns.  My door is 6'8, I have a 14 rectangle shape tran
Interior Design	vestibule lighting. QUESTION: I have what I would call a vestibule sort of entrance.  Upon entering the front door with two sid
Interior Design	exterior lighting. QUESTION: I had bought in anticipation of building a new home some 19 high coach lanterns last year at a cl
Interior Design	Lighting finishes and kitchen finishes. My question is similar to one already posted, but, I want an answer based on my specifi
Interior Design	Bathroom Lighting. QUESTION: My husband and I are building a master bath.  We have planned for a 66 double bowl vanity - a 24
Interior Design	Pendant Lighting Above Bathroom Sink. Hi Jim,  I am remodeling my guest bathroom.  The ceiling in the bath is 12 ft high.   The
Interior Design	color. I like my rooms to be bright, my walls are white right now, but I would like to add color. I have mostly yellow and apri
Interior Design	futon mattress. Dear Joe,  I have a couple of questions regarding futon mattress.  We have a full size futon, my daughter used 
Interior Design	recessed lighting housing and trim mix n match. Hi there.  We have Elko cans installed and now looking at trims for them.  A fr
Interior Design	Redec. a garage into a bedroom. Hello Jim,  I will be brief I am certain you are busy.  I am moving into a house with a special
Interior Design	interior decor. hi could u please tell about metal sheeting in kitchen and living room for a modern look  .i want to use metal 
Interior Design	Bathroom Light Sconces. I am ripping out the builders glued to the walltype of mirror and buying a rectangular mirror with a 
Interior Design	installing recessed lighting retrofit kits. I want to replace a dated 6 recessed fixture with a more modern retrofit, but I do
Interior Design	Lighting for Vanity. I am re-doing a bath and will have a 78 vanity. The vanity will have a bank of drawers of 18 in the midd
Interior Design	Light Fixture Rating. I have recessed lighting in my home in which the fixture rating is MAX 75W.  Can I use a Compact Fluoresc
Interior Design	fixture heights.. QUESTION: Hi Jim,  I have a double entry, split foyer with 2 sets of stairs.  Not sure whether I want wall sc
Interior Design	12extension/projection bathroom vanity light. I found a medicine chest that was a steal, is exactly what I wanted and fits in 
Interior Design	replacing recessed vanity light. We recently purchased a home that has two vanity cabinets in the master bath, on opposite wall
Interior Design	matching light fixtures and faucet fixtures. My faucet fixtures are silver and light fixtures and hardware are gold.  I want to
Interior Design	no hardwiring. Hi Jim! I live in an apartment with no overhead lighting in living room or bedrooms.  I have bought lamps to bri
Interior Design	Lamp shade choice. I have two traditional side lamps in my living room. They are made of wood, medium to dark in colour, with t
Interior Design	Adding a bar problem. I live in central FL and have a 1200 sq ft home. The living room/dining room area is a combination long t
Interior Design	Kitchen Decor. Hi Karen! I have a question that is probably silly.  I would like begin buying pieces to re-decorate my kitchen 
Interior Design	Choosing area rug. Jenny, I have taupe walls with white trim.  The furniture is rattan covered in palm leaves of shades of gree
Interior Design	Colour Scheme For Lounge. We have a lounge approx 20 by 15 south facing, very light, it has a teak wood floor and white walls
Interior Design	Paint Color for dining room. My house was built in 1984.  I have wood trim.  We are trying to update our home.  My friend, who 
Painting	paint blistering on outside walls. Mr.Dutra  I have a 40+ year old colonial home located in New Hampshire that I purchased appr
Painting	picking the right paint color. I have a modern family room with a grey sectional couch and green accents, and brown wood- (dark
Painting	Paint. Repaired drywall muddled and sanded smooth.  Sprayed on primer (zinder water based) and spots Appeared to be peeling in 
Painting	Painting. Hello, im in the process of choosing colours for my new house, for the interior i chose a whitepale grey. I have two 
Painting	ceramic tile painting. Hi, I am a renter and I want to paint over a couple ceramic tiles that are part of a kitchen backsplash.
Painting	color choice conundrum!. Hello - we are renovating our living room and in need of color advice.  It's a smaller room, with low 
Painting	wallpaper over oil paint. How can I wallpaper over a wall that has been painted with oil paint?
Painting	Painting a pressure-treated deck. An outdoor deck measuring 7� X 28� made of pressure-treated wood doesn�t get much wear, but i
Painting	Painting radiators. We have recently moved into an old home that has beautifully decorated radiators.  They are a dull goldish 
Painting	paint for a vintage spanish house. I have a 1928 Spanish house with original dark wood mouldings and stenciled beams in the cei
Painting	painting over cabinets. I have a lot of kitchen cabinets made of plywood and covered with shelliac or some clear varnish I real
Painting	Light fixture to go with brown paint. I am painting my little 1/2 bathroom under the stairs Cowboy Boot brown. The bathroom i
Painting	Broewn Wrapping Paper as Wallpaper, how to seal it for a Bthroom?. We have used normal wallpaper paste and ordinary brown wrapp
Painting	interior wall surface. Our house was built in 1929, so I'm sure somewhere along the line someone put sand in the paint, and I d
Painting	Removing glow in the dark stars. It was 25 years ago and two generations of sons have enjoyed the glow in the dark stickers on 
Painting	Guest Room Wall Painting. Guest Room Plan  Guets room    Dear Laura ,     I have a guest room not yet painted and the furniture
Painting	Igniter not glowing Maytag Dryer. Hi  I have an old Maytag Gas dryer model# DG510. The ignitor does not come on. The dryer tumb
Painting	Poor interior paint coverage. Good morning and thanks for sharing your expertise! I am painting an interior room in our house t
Painting	Interia mould spots. We keep getting mould spots in the back bedrooms an the bathroom, we have cavity wall insulation  and keep
Painting	tan color to go with oak furniture. I am getting some shaker style, red oak, natural finish, dressers and need to paint my bedr
Painting	bedroom wall paint and carpet. QUESTION: My boyfriend and I are at odds; I will be moving into his house (not a problem), but f
Painting	plaster + densshield. What type of plaster do I use with densshield board in a washroom shower wall.
Painting	Irving Stripe Drapes. I got my pottery barn catalogue today and love the red irving stripe drape.  I googled the material and s
Painting	re-painting int.. i have an older house thats been painted inside alot! every coulpe of years thought the past 10 or so years t
Painting	loft. i have a small house, cathedral ceilings, with an open loft.  In the loft area there is also the m/bedrm. & a bathroom.  
Painting	Match Wall Colour to Tiles/Carpet. Hi I just brought a house and the previous owner really loved Blue. Hence the Tiles througho
Painting	paint vs. stain on interior door. I am doing some home improvements and have a question in regard to painting or staining an in
Painting	dark paint small room. Should a bedroom that is 11x12 with only one window (south facing) be painted  with a dark accent wall? 
Painting	painting and decorating. The emulsion on my lounge wall is bubbling and blistering my concern is that when i re decorate the bu
Painting	painting. I was planning on putting my accent wall the wall were my bed and 2 dressers go against but I really want to paint my
Painting	Dish washer. My dishwasher does not dry my dishes completely.  It did in the past but I have made sure to keep drying aid in th
Painting	Two compound reactive paint. Dear sir, We like to know  What is ment by Two compound reacive paint?  with reagards, P.Raghul ra
Painting	painting. how can i choose the best painting color suitable for every room?
Painting	painting a banister. I have a wood stained banister.  I'd like to have the spindles painted white and keep the railings the sam
Painting	terra cotta spray paint on plastic planters. Hello Some time ago I purchased some planting urns. These planters are made out of
Painting	Painting mirrors. Hi - I have a sliding 3-door wardrobe - two doors of which are mirrored.  I would like to paint them.  Firstl
Painting	very light texture. Ron Wall Texture   Hi Tony. I am doing some major repairs to my home and my walls have a very light texture
Painting	Looking for an inexpensive kitchen facelift. Hi. I'd like to move ASAP and would like to fix up my kitchen--the cheaper the bet
Painting	Front Door Colour. Front House Photo Hi Rob,  I have attached a photo of my house, which is in desperate need of some new colou
Painting	color coordination. just found beautiful honey oak hardwood flooring under the carpet in my apartment. all the trim, i.e. base 
Painting	Painting Brick - changing color. QUESTION: Tony,  What is the best way to change the color of a brick fireplace? I have found a
Painting	Paint color with honey colored wood. Honey Wood and Firepla We are buying a mountain home to use as a second home.  It has beau
Painting	Repainting exterior popcorn stucc. I wondered if it would be possible to repaint exterior (bungalow) popcorn stucco with an ele
Painting	Quality paint?. Is Pratt and Lambert a quality paint?
Painting	Matching paint with existing tile. We are remodeling (gutting) our bathroom but leaving the bathtub which has excellent tan til
Painting	connecting 2 rooms. We have one wall that connects our dining room and kitchen together.  We want to paint the dining room and 
Painting	ceiling border. Hi,  I was wondering if you have ever seen; or what your thoughts are on putting a border on the ceiling? I hav
Painting	Painted White Cabinets. I had my kitchen cabinets painted white three years ago.  I have white appliances and now my cabinets l
Painting	Poorly stained deck?. I have a very poorly stained deck, runs, light spots and missed spots. It was done with a cedar tone oil 
Painting	what color of wall paint ?. QUESTION: We recently re-tiled our kitchen floor to a soft sandy beige with a diamond shape center.
Painting	Priming After Water Paper Removal. Ed: I removed wall paper from my bathroom. The paper peeled off very easily. The wall was ap
Painting	How to get paint off wood floor?. Just had some painting done and afterwards noticed specks of white paint on my beautiful hard
Painting	staining kitchen cabinets. The cabinets we have now are very awkward and I've never been thrilled with them. I'd like to upgrad
Painting	Painter's tape removed varnish from stairs. Hello,  I had put painter's tape and cardboard on my newly stained and finished oak
Painting	Oil paints. Are vegetable oils like linseed oil the main solvents used in paints for application to the house. Or it only turpe
Painting	?paint over faux tile fiberboard wall covering. I have bathroom walls that are constructed of fiberboard designed to resemble t
Painting	Yellow Paint for Kitchen. I have a kitchen approximately 20 x 20 with all white cabinets, white counters, white appliances, whi
Painting	Custom bike sandblast and paint?. My oldest has outgrown his bike.  My youngest is ready for his first.  The bike is in great s
Painting	GE wall oven. bottom element won't heat up-even after replacing it just gets warm. Also changed fuse.
Painting	Color scheme. QUESTION: Hello, Help, please  I live in Florida and after  years of storms we have begun remolding / repairs  I 
Painting	painting panelling. Hi,      Our basement is completely panelled, you know the ugly brown kind from the seventies or eighties. 
Painting	Wall edges dented. dented edge   Hello Joseph,  How can I fix dents like the ones in the wall shown in the attached picture?  T
Painting	Ceiling/wall paint. I have popcorn cathedral ceiling, painted it a light brown (previously white ) with almond color walls. I c
Painting	ways to select best interior and exterior paint colors. Sorry to bother you but my wife and are are trying to fix our house up 
Painting	lacquer painting. I painted a ceiling high gloss baby pink, but it still doesn't have the HIGH sheen  that I want.What can I do
Painting	colour scheme. we painted our sunroom a mauve colour what colour should i accent our sunroom in
Painting	Matching Oak cabinet. We want to change up our kitchen and we were thinking about painting our cabinets but with all the trim a
Painting	painting a finished chair. I have a finished rocking chair which a friend wants painted white for a nursery. I'm taking for gra
Painting	paint. I would like to know how many coates of paint do you usually need to apply in order for the paint to look surfice?And al
Painting	Lacquers. i want to know a bit about lacquers.. which company manufacturs these or are these made by all paint companies.. Also
Painting	mural paint. Hi I'm doing a mural on my shed wall, i have heard that acrylic water emulsion is a good paint to use, but do you 
Painting	Resubmittal of earlier question on drywall.. Mr. Kuchar,  Thank you for your response.  Here is my earlier question - I know y
Painting	Curtains. Help i'm stuck... My bed room walls are a bright but no to over powering red and I have no idea what color curtains t
Painting	wallpaper over drywall with sand texture. I'm wallpapering over drywall that looks like sand mixed in. It's new and painted. Wh
Painting	oil based primer. I am having the wallpaper removed and then the walls smoothed and painted. The painter suggested an oil prime
Painting	Painting interior on rental apartment. Hi, Here is something we can save money on by doing myself.  Helping out the family.  Th
Painting	painting kitchen cabinets. We have very plain pressed wood cabinets at our cabin.  They have a very smooth finish with an artif
Painting	Paint colors for Billiard and Dining Room. I need help with choosing colors and making sure they coordinate. My dining room and
Painting	Maytag PYE4500AYW. Maytag PYE4500AYW Performa Dryer does everything fine but does not stop at buzzer or at off position.  I hav
Painting	Painting hallways. I am attempting to have my hallways appear wider and would like painting ideas. Currently one long harrow ha
Painting	what to do with my short wall?. We are currently in the process of remodeling our office into a nursery.  We have vaulted ceili
Painting	Poll: Pull down or leave up?. Okay, so I did my first run of drywalling ceiling this week.  I was using 12' panels with a hoist
Painting	Color in Open Loft Apartment. I am moving to an apartment that is open everywhere. The kitchen and living room have open walls 
Painting	Sealing Railroad Ties in yard. We have rr ties surrounding a children's play yard in our back yard and want to know if there is
Painting	painting wrought iron. I have a new wrought iron door that still has its smooth steel finish at this point.  How do I paint it 
Painting	painting. well first thank you for taking the time to view my question and hopefully having a answer.i have four children and u
Painting	wallpaper removal and salvage. I have recently discovered that there is a wallpaper mural underneath a layer of wallpaper in my
Painting	easy removal of wallpaper. Please tell how to take my wallpaper from the wall any easy tricks?
Painting	Kitchen Color. We have recently replaced our countertops and installed a tile backsplash in our kitchen.  The cabinets remain a
Painting	paint& carpet choice. Thank you for your answer. Do you have s specific name of a Benjamin MOore color in terms of the paint in
Painting	painting kitchen cupboards. hi I have a projet in my kitchen were i would like to repaint my cupboards with automotive paint bu
Painting	Painting/Glazing cabinets. Thank you so much for your help. I too love BM paint. I would assume by your answer you know the loo
Painting	paint colors. Hi!  We are building a house with an  open floor plan.  The living room, kitchen, and dining room (plus a small l
Painting	Drywall around gas fireplace vent. I am finishing basement and Im framing for drywall, I came up to the fireplace vent and I wa
Painting	cracking oil paint. We live in an old Victorian with oil paint on the moldings and windows. Lately,  the paint has cracked and 
Painting	how to paint over a painted rocking chair. I have a white rocking chair that I would like to paint a dark brown.  How do I do t
Painting	What color to paint stairway railing. Hi Rebecca, I'm having trouble deciding the proper color to paint my dated off-white wrou
Painting	open floor plan paint color. I have a home with an open floor plan. You enter into a 2 story foyer to the left is the formal di
Painting	pick out exact bedroom paint color PLEASE. QUESTION: Hey there I need someon to pick out the brand and exact paint color for me
Painting	ceiling paint & crown molding. We have low ceilings (just under 8)and I want to add crown molding.  Will this make the ceilings
Plumbing	Tom & Mark's Timely Tips. 1. Smells and noises are the most difficult to track down if you're not there. While we can't pinpoin
Plumbing	Trickling water from gooseneck. Sprayer works fine, just a trickle coming from gooseneck.Unit is only 2 yrs. old, replaced shut
Plumbing	Toilet bowl water level. When I came home from work today I noticed that the water in the toilet bowl was significantly less th
Plumbing	Toilet. Removed downstairs toilet to install new floor, is it safe to use upstairs toilet and shower
Plumbing	Pool pump leaking. My pool pump is leaking at the motor where the motor mounts to the pump. Is this a gasket?
Plumbing	Muskin pool manual. We need to get an installation manual for a muskin 15x30 pool.
Plumbing	Pool timer stopped working T104P3. Pool timer T104P3 works manually turning it on and off.  I can see the gears working but act
Plumbing	Craftsman Tractor Problems. I have a 21 HP IC Twin Craftsman Tractor / 42 inch deck<> Will not start when hot <> new plugs,fuel
Plumbing	Wiring 230 Volt Pool Pumps. Wiring 230 Volt Pentair Pool Pump. It has Line 1, 2, 3 ground is separate to chassis. Which one is 
Plumbing	Basement Bathroom. Hello.  I am just in beginning stages of finishing basement bathroom.  It has been rough plumbed for toilet,
Plumbing	Bathtub drain. We have a ball on top of our downstairs bathtub drain. We can't figure out how to plug the drain to take a bath?
Plumbing	Replaced a 20 gal bladder tank, have good pressure for about 2 seconds then it drops. Switch is 40 60 I set the bladder at 38#,
Plumbing	Dripping Noise - Water Heater or Water Softener. I have a closet that contains furnace, water heater and water softener.  I hav
Plumbing	after flushing my toilet it sounds like a fog horn. I have a flushometer.. I just replace the diaphragm and now after flushing 
Plumbing	My auto fill with the name korky is not working.  How can I adjust it to work?. My auto fill with the name korky is not working
Plumbing	Best On ground pools in New Jersey. I am considering installing an on ground pool and need to know the pros and cons of them be
Plumbing	Rock bed pump. I have a 16x32 inground pool that is 8 ft deep.  I have the liner out because of problems with ground water.  Th
Plumbing	I need assembly instructions for a Johnny Weissmuller Sahara 15x30 oval pool.. I need assembly instructions for a Johnny Weissm
Plumbing	how to fix a above ground pool wall. I had a pool installed by company that I would never use again and after the pool was fill
Plumbing	My polaris 380 runs slow. I changed booster pump , and had sweeper checked by dealer I changed disk from red to blue can it be 
Plumbing	24 foot round pool rusted bottom track. I was recently given a 24 foot round pool with 52 inch wall height. The bottom track is
Plumbing	Replumbing a Spa. I need a plumbing disgram for a Hot Spring - Produgy portable spa.  I do not know the age.  The Serial number
Plumbing	How long to run my pool pump?. Hi,  I have a 15,000gall pool that we leave during the summer months in Florida, what is the min
Plumbing	Methane smell. Manufactured home, wife smells methane gas(Poop) coming from master bedroom ac floor vents. Just that one room.
Plumbing	Back up. Dirty water is backing up in the tub and the toilet when the washer is spinning the water out. Now I can't wash or  th
Plumbing	Hudson Reed  - good stuff or junk?. These guys are a plumbing fixture supply house in the UK. They sell in the USA and provide 
Plumbing	LOUD noise right after flush. Just started yesterday and we have lived in this house a year.  When we flush a grinding noise ha
Plumbing	sewer gas odor in bathroom. We had our bathroom remodeled and now smell sewer gas in the bathroom. It started the day they fini
Plumbing	Plumbing diagram. Where ca I get a plumbing diagram for a 97 dimension one charman spa?
Plumbing	Brown tar like substance seeping through tile floor. I'm renting a 54 yr old building for my business. I covered the existing t
Plumbing	Intex pools leaks. My mom and dad gave me there 18' intex pool.  Well as far as they know it didn't have any leaks.  Well it ha
Plumbing	Water flow shudders. The symptom:  When running water from the kitchen or bathroom faucet, every 3-5 seconds there is a split s
Plumbing	pool top rails. i have a zodiac ovation pool the palladian model and my top rails are rusting. i have been unable to find repla
Plumbing	pool skimmer not suctioning. This is our first in ground pool (the house is not new and neither is the pool) It has two skimmer
Plumbing	Pool - build up or drainage. We are going to get a 24ft pool installed but have some slight water issues in the backyard.  We h
Plumbing	Pool Liner Shrinkage. I have a Doughboy 32X16 above ground pool. The water level over the winter got low due to a leaking hose 
Plumbing	Cracked Hot tub shell in empty tub. I drained my hot tub this winter, vacked out everything and wiped shell dry.  Just opened i
Plumbing	what is the sandy build up in my hot tub?. 
Plumbing	Is it safe to leave an above ground pool empty during the winter?. Our 3 yr.  Old above ground pool is now leaking (most likely
Plumbing	Ground wire to Hot tub. When I hook up the ground wire to the bar on the hot tub it trips the GFI but when I run it without the
Plumbing	Hot Tub (spa) GFCI Wiring. We have a ThermoSpa Hot Tub outside on our deck that came with the house (in MA).  It requires 2 - 2
Plumbing	water heater - denver specific questions. My daughter lives in Denver (I live in St. Louis) and her water heater keeps going ou
Plumbing	Changing out hot and cold valves.. Currently have a garden tub with the hot and cold water attached to the tub not in the wall.
Plumbing	Sewage injector issues. The circuit feeding the injector pump has been flipping lately. N happened once about 6 months ago for 
Plumbing	do new american standard toilet tanks fit older(1975) toilet? Tank looks the same.. Do new american standard toilet tanks fit o
Plumbing	FLO on Spa - No heat. Blinking FLO on read out.  Water still circulates, but no heat.  Reset works for a moment, then back to F
Plumbing	Spa wiring 4 wire with gfci confussed!. Planning to hook up new spa with a pony or sub box as they call it, was thinking about 
Plumbing	Water behind liner of inground pool. Hi,  We have a 16x32 inground with about a 8.5 foot deep end.  When we bought the house we
Plumbing	dropped item in bathtub drain. My daughter stepped on a disposable razor breaking the razor part off of it which then went down
Plumbing	Garage floor leaking water. Water is collecting in our garage along the floor tiles. Doesn't se to be drying off n appears to b
Plumbing	how do you hook up laundry tub to washer drain? please help. i was wondering how you can tie in to the washer drain.  Please gi
Plumbing	Pool water level. Purchased a home with above grond pool. Last year at pool closing time... Lowered water below skimmer, discon
Plumbing	240 V 60Hz 3 wire Jacuzzi, want to wire through attic (California). Hello,  I am in the process of purchasing an outdoor jacuzz
Plumbing	Turkish Bath in London. I intend to build a traditional Turkish bath (like the ones in Istanbul) equiped with all the modern fa
Plumbing	Above ground pool with 4 inch hole in the steel wall.. I had a very small leak in my liner about just under the water line. Ove
Plumbing	toilet tank float not working. Both of my toilets are over-filling the tank causing continuous running water until you vigorous
Plumbing	I broke the cartridge puller screw inside of the cartridge stem how do i remove. I bought a home depot cartridge puller screw i
Plumbing	Drain Cleaner. Is there a drain cleaner liquid or powder which is environment friendly?
Plumbing	Leaves in Basin drain. We just moved out of a three level Townhouse in VA.  We used the basin in the basement maybe 5 times in 
Plumbing	why does water in my sink turn black. when we put dishes, utensils, and plastic containers in our sink and leave them for the n
Plumbing	Salt water pool - green algae. Salt water pool has green algae all over - what to do -
Plumbing	Can a 40 amp hot tub handle a 60 amp breaker. I am going to wire an older hot tub it is a sweetwater lx-15 model the control pa
Plumbing	pilot gas leak. I have a lochinvar radiant floor furnace that has an electric pilot light.  When the pilot and furnace is off, 
Plumbing	High and low water pressure. Hi, My water pressure in my house has recently changed, when I turn on the water whether hot or co
Plumbing	Hot tub heater element. How can I get a bad heater element out of a beachcomber hot tub. I need to replace it. Thanks
Plumbing	venting a basement grinder pump. I have a basement grinder pump on the lower level of a bi-level home.  It was installed after 
Plumbing	Help removing an old faucet's undersink nut. I have an older faucet.  Under the sink it is not held on with the normal nut.  
Plumbing	can you use a garbage disposal with a bamboo sink?. can I use a garbage disposal with a bamboo sink?
Plumbing	Suds overflow drainstack at end of rinse spin. We have a 16 year old Amana washing machine that is overflowing the drainstack a
Plumbing	hose air. i have one hose spicot that produces alot of air in the hose when in use I cannot tell where the air is coming from b
Plumbing	Toilet will no longer flush properly. installed a toilet in the basement and it worked fine for about two weeks.  Now toilet wi
Plumbing	Sewer line problem. My main sewer line was draining slow and would actually back up into my basement through the washing machin
Plumbing	My water heater draining job worries. In trying to drain my water heater, I was unable to get any water to drain out. So, I did
Plumbing	unlevel pool. I have a 24x52 steel above ground pool, we started to fill it and noticed that it is about 4 inches off on one si
Plumbing	How to wire a 2 speed Century AO Smith 1 HP spa pump. It is a BN81 1725/3250 with L1, L2, A, B white and brown wire connections
Plumbing	Cloudy pool not stabalizing.. Hello everyone.   I have a large in-ground pool  running on a sand filter. Recently (since its be
Plumbing	My tub stopper is located outside of my tub on the floor and it doesn't drain.. My tub stopper is located outside of my tub on 
Plumbing	plumber help. I heard a noise coming from the bathroom earlier then notice there was smelly brown water coming up from the bath
Plumbing	hot water in tub not working. everytime i turn my bath tub water to hot water it just shuts off this also happens in the shower
Plumbing	shower cartridge removal. I have a Moen shower.  I need to replace the cartridge, but I cannot get to the pin because a plastic
Plumbing	Spooks in the sink sprayer. I recently replace the sink sprayer head in our kitchen sink because it was old and leaking.   This
Plumbing	Pool liner appears to have dark mold on underside.. My pool liner has a very dark mold on the underside which shows through the
Plumbing	What toilet flange to use?. I am remodeling a bathroom in an old house. The floors are concrete, and right now there is just wh
Plumbing	what is S -Trap and P-Trap in a toilet. 
Plumbing	Plumbing toilet. My toilet clogs on flushing and now will not fill with water
Plumbing	focus temp pool heater. Hi, I own a focus temp 105 000 BTU heater for my inground pool.  The fan and the unit is operating.  Ho
Plumbing	Cal Spa 2001. I have a unit that I purchased in 2001 I have an option TURBO it is not working it lights up on the panel I hear 
Plumbing	i have well water. I have well water and the main pipe was leaking fixed that and now i have no water anywhere in my house
Plumbing	Toilet stopped up in basement. Basement toilet is blocked. I tried 6 foot auger 5 times and tried using a plunger a number of t
Plumbing	Above ground pool over natural gas line. Recomended depth for gas line is 18, I installed mine 26 to 28.....the gas line was
Plumbing	Dishwasher adapter. Where in the world can you get a dishwasher adapter that will fit model 852N-05004?
Plumbing	Repairing pool liners. We have two tares in each corner of our pool liner around 2 foot long. What is the best way to repair th
Plumbing	How To Troubleshoot A Cal Spa Temperature Heater?. Hello, I have a cal spa serial # 6988 model v500...It was working great...we
Plumbing	Cal spa heating issues?. Ok here is where I stand with this unit. I have 240 volts at the heating coils, pressure switch checks
Plumbing	Hot tub shorts breaker, wont start. Ok, this one is driving me crazy. I have a marquis sports series 500 spa. 6 years old.  We 
Plumbing	Semi inground pool. Does anyone know what a semi-inground pool is? I tried looking for pictures of it but could not find an app
Plumbing	Drain Problems. Hello,  I have a couple of issues going on. Let me start from the beginning.  I bought a house a little over a 
Plumbing	what's a good replacement pump and filter system. I just bought a used pool recently.  I found that the pump is damaged and the
Plumbing	Why am I getting pressure only but no water from the submersible well system?. Replaced pressure tank that blew out, replaced p
Plumbing	2004 Cal Spa 5000 turning itself off during heat up. I just bought a 2004 Cal Spa 5000 used. We had it wired by an electrician,
Pools	error codes. I recently sold my 2004 Marquis Mirage spa to a friend so this is second hand information. He hooked it up filled
Pools	Inground Spa Seating Layout. Pool spa   Hello, We are in the process of building a new pool/spa. Our spa will be a 7' x 10' rec
Pools	school. i live in tampa florida, i work installing coping and tile in the pools and spas, but i would like to build the whole p
Pools	lack of pressure from pool wall. my pool sweep does not appears to have enought pressure to push the sweep. i back washed the d
Pools	Pool problems. We have a skimmer that seems to be stopped up, or something.  It is closest to the pump.  The one farther down s
Pools	POOL CLOSING -WATER LEVEL. QUESTION: I have a concrete inground marbelite pool, and every year I have the dilema of what level 
Pools	Spa nozzle in concrete pool. Spa jet   Hi there. I have a few spa jets installed in my pool. I have removed the internal with m
Pools	Hayward Pump. Hi Craig, 2 Questions  1 16x32 pool DE3620 filter how many HP pump? 2 20x40 pool De4820 filter hoe many HP pump?
Pools	seals. QUESTION: When replacing the strainer gasket to the pump, what type of lubricant can/should I use? Can I use a hosehold 
Pools	low water level in inground pool. QUESTION: Hi, I have been losing huge amounts of water, with or without the pump running.  We
Pools	Swimming Pool Wall & Ceiling Paint. could you tell me if i am right to think using a specialist coating on the walls and ceilin
Pools	Backfill around a pool. When backfilling around an above ground pool whick is installed appox. 18 in the ground can I use foam
Pools	Chlorine Level in Pool. I cannot seem to keep a decent chlorine level.  I opened in May, superchlorinated with Cal Hypo.  So fa
Pools	crack repair. QUESTION: I have a built in (gunite), black bottom swimming pool that I have just drained in order to give it an 
Pools	Tile and Coping. We are having our pool renovated.  The general contractor has a sub doing the tile and coping.  The first copi
Pools	kooldeck repair/removal. I need to either repair my existing Kool decking or remove it and then refinish the concrete.  I remov
Pools	Waterline Tile Replacement. QUESTION: I have an inground plaster pool that the tile has cracked. I live in Indiana where pool f
Pools	Rust from rebar at bottom of pool. My husband and I had a pool built 14 years ago.  4 years after it was built, a rust stain se
Pools	ClearO3 Ozone Sanitizing System by Paramount. Robert, I am trying to decide whether to use the UltraPure sytem or go with the C
Pools	Hayward Sand Filter backwash valve reassembly. The handle on our Hayward Sand Filter backwash assembly broke off.  We got a new
Pools	painting above ground pool. Good afternoon -  I have a 24' round above ground pool.  It is steel with a decorative wrap around 
Pools	What Type of Pool Should We Install - Ozone or Salt?. Frank,  We are in the process of getting bids to put in a pool and are co
Pools	What kind of pool do I have?. We bought a house that is built into the side of a hill. The pool is at the same level as the  ma
Pools	pool panels rusting. QUESTION: Hi Roger, We had an inground salt water pool installed 2 years ago.  Last year noticed that the 
Pools	hayward de pro-grid filter question. Hi, I installed my own inground pool two years ago.  Opened it up this week and after the 
Pools	Keeping a pool closed for summer time. Deb: hello...  I live in Oklahoma... I have a 22,000 gal pool (in ground)... it is 11 ft
Pools	Cloudy/dirty water. Hi! Ok, here we go - We just had all of our grids replaced in our Hayward DE filter, After 4 days now, wate
Pools	2 questions. First: I have solar panels and repleaced my pool pump.  The original pump was 3/4 horsepower the new one is 1.50 h
Pools	Common Equipment Spa and Pool. I have a 14' X 28' 15,500 gallon pool that is about 13 years old. My problem is with the attache
Pools	inground concrete swimming pool. QUESTION: we have an inground pool, it is losing water, the ground is very wet at the deep end
Pools	No pressure on sand filter. QUESTION: I have a 15 x 30 oval above ground pool. I am not getting a pressure reading on the sand 
Pools	How To Clean A pool neglected for years.. QUESTION: We have a pool which is an inground vinyl lined pool. Approx. 16 x 32 with 
Pools	swimming pool steps. Thanks for the quick response!  You are right that we live in the South and use granular clorine to super
Pools	Spa Jet assembly and refit. QUESTION: Hi There Are there spec diagrams available of the assembly of a standard rotating spa jet
Pools	Above ground pool not level. Hello Ron,  A good friend of mine recently bought an oval shaped above-ground pool for her back ya
Pools	intel easy set pool mainenance. I have a 16' x 42' Intel easy set pool.  I follow directions for chemicals but still have to fi
Pools	Replacing a 25 year old fiberglass spa. Should I replace my in ground spa with a gunite spa or stay with fiberglass?  Is gunite
Pools	adding a spill in spa. How would i add a spill over hot tub to an in-ground pool so that the hot tub would gain priority on hea
Pools	Drastic drop in water level. My swimming pool looses water up to 8cm in 12 hours, but the loss stops immediately the water leve
Pools	swimming pool. 1. Please estimate the number of gallons (or liters) of water my swimming pool holds? It is rectangular, about 3
Pools	Problems with new gunite pool. I'm re submitting this because I think I entered my email address wrong:-)  Our pool was built i
Pools	Drain and Fill. I recently took a water sample to Leslie's Pool shop for analysis and they said I needed to completely drain an
Pools	black algae salt water pool. I have a chlorinator but got a lot of  black algae growing in strings, I cannot feel  any cracks. 
Pools	pump and filter looses prime. My swimming pool pump and filter looses prime and creates large bubbles on the discharge side.  I
Pools	Algae. I live in the Columbia, SC area. We have an in ground liner pool around 27,000 gallons. I use a socks in my skimmer ba
Pools	New Pool Patio. We are in the process of installing a new gunite pool.  We would like to install a stamped concrete deck around
Pools	gunite. I LIVE IN LOUISIANA, WHERE MOST HOMES DO NOT HAVE BASEMENTS DUE TO A HIGH WATER TABLE. I AM BUILDING A BRICK HOME THAT 
Pools	Pool Leakage Detection and Double Liner Installation. We are considering installation of a pool in a home along the riverbank, 
Pools	auto pool vac. Thanks for the quick response.  I was not aware that the filter for an above ground pool was different than an i
Pools	pool edge. We have an in gound,  flexible wall type pool.  Concrete bottom with steel backed vinyl coated fiber walls. Along th
Pools	Pool Repairs. Our builder has made 3 unsatisfactory attempts to repair rust stains related to underlying re-bar. My questions a
Pools	Spa pump not pulling water. Hey, thanks in advance for help,  Got a fairly oldish spa (3 or so yrs old) took it down for the wi
Pools	Timers on in ground Pools. How long should you run the pumps on a 30,000 gallon in ground pool during the summer and during the
Pools	Silt removal from pool. Hi, I have an inground swimming pool of approx 45 meters cubed. It has been in service for about 4 year
Pools	Spillover Spa Startup. QUESTION: I have a spillover spa that I have trouble opening every year. All of the jets are working whe
Pools	In floor pop ups. We recently purchased a home with a 16,000 gallon pool. It has a Hayward C3000 pool filtration system with fl
Pools	center drain pipe that comes out of ground broke. Hello!! I have a big problem and was wondering if you have any advice for me.
Pools	Questions regarding a concrete pool. We bought a house a number of years ago with a concrete pool (in Ottawa Canada).  At the t
Pools	pebbletec  replacing with tile at waterline. Unfortunately we didn't do our homework and on salesman's recommendation put pebbl
Pools	SLATWATER POOL. so we can add the Black Algaecide to a saltwater pool, what is a good testing kit, does the algea like Muratic 
Pools	Pool / Pump / Waterfall. We just had a natural rock waterfall installed and now that it is finished the water just trickles out
Pools	A Few Questions Before We Buy A Pool. Ron, I asked another expert one of these questions, but forgot a few things:  (1) I live 
Pools	Acrylic spillover spa. Our spa has two holes in it. We have unsuccessfully tried to get someone to repair.  It is a 6 1/2 ' and
Pools	Leaching on rolled bond beam. We have calcified leaching on our pebble tec rolled bond beam starting above the tile in our 
Pools	Pool Settling. we just had installed a 14x30 inground fiberglass pool.  We noticed this morning it has settled on one end about
Pools	Raising Pool Coping. I have a 60's era pool with standard concrete coping and a poured cement deck.  It is looking pretty tired
Pools	noisy filter. Our pool filter has become really noisy and the water return into the pool has become really weak.  Could you giv
Pools	gfci / tightwat2 / two speed pump. I HAVE INSTALLED A 2POLE THREE WIRE 20AMP GFCI THERE ARE FOUR WIRES COMING OUT OF THE BREAKE
Pools	Repairs on Old Pools. I have a rental house with a 40-50 year old pool that needs re-plastering and to fix a crack just under t
Pools	diamondbrite patch?. My five year old Diamond Bright resurface has a 24 diameter un bonding  where it has separated from the g
Pools	spa cycling  off and on every 10 minutes. Have a Beachcomber spa, motor(240v 2 speed) went bad recently so I replaced both pump
Pools	Filer size required for popups. What size filter is recommeded for the pop-up system on a fresh water pool. My current filer is
Pools	no flow from spa waterfall to pool. I have a 36 by 19 inground pool,recently there has been very little flow from the spa overf
Pools	scale or scum on new inground fibreglass pool. Craig, we have just had a professionally [haha] installed fiberglass 4.5m x 11.8
Pools	replacement spa jets parts needed. I have a 28 year old very well kept in ground spa that is built in a concrete foundation wit
Pools	above ground pools. I just tried to turn on my pump and filter and it makes a buzzing noise for about 30 seconds and turns off.
Pools	concrete pool multiple issues. 1. i have a in ground concrete pool approx 40 years old.  the pool was shortened by about 12' by
Pools	Pump loosing suction while vacuuming. Help!  I have an inground pool with a sand filter.  The pool when set to filter runs grea
Pools	Suction Leak. Last summer we were losing water overnight.  It dropped down to the bottom of the skimmer and stopped .  When the
Pools	replacing pool water. Hello, Frank:   Under what conditions would it be appropriate to commpletely change out the pool water? (
Pools	Depth Conversion. I have a classic 60's gunite diving pool, 16 x 36 with a springy 12 foot diving board.  Depth is about 8 feet
Pools	Hot tub. I drained my hot tub yesterday to clean it, filled it back up with water via filter hole, turned power back on and eve
Pools	Gunite appearance/heater question. Hi Bob,  Great advice that you give. I have a gunite pool in the Northeast and the replaster
Pools	Kool Deck Cracks. Good Afternoon,     I have just removed a Hot Tub from my pool decking and discovered a large crack underneat
Pools	Kooldeck staining. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Dear Bob, I have recently put in a pool in my home in St
Pools	Spa problem. I'm having problems with my spa continuously tripping the breaker.  Each time I reset the breaker I hear a click s
Pools	Trying to make decisions for my new pool. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Bob,  In reference to my heater B
Pools	Rust stains in a gunite pool. We are in the process of purcahsing a home and during the inspection 2 half dollar size dark rust
Pools	spa overflow material. My contractor wants to use the same paver type blocks that is being used for the coping for the overflow
Pools	water supply. Would you know, or might you be able to refer me to someone that would have a working knowledge of self drilled w
Pools	Pool Tile Grout. Appreciate your wanting to stay out of disputes but I could really use help.  Pool Contractor installed new ti
Pools	Spa keeps overheating.. We've has a tech come out twice now because our 1 yr old spa keeps Overheating. They have replaced th
Pools	colors. Hi Robert,  I am getting ready to have my pool resurfaced and fitted with a salt chlorinator. Years ago I remember seei
Pools	plumbing design. Hi Robert I am constructing a 4 person Spa & wish to source info on plumbing design. My energy source is tot
Pools	First-time Home Owner with a  Pool. I am a novice at computers and also at pool equipment.  I recently purchased a home with a 
Pools	swimmingpool with waterfall jacuzzi. the jacuzzi works fine when bypassing heater ,but when i have to pass pool pump when off t
Pools	black stain on pool grout. We have a small pool that is new.  It has a salt water system.  Our tile is glass  pebbles and the w
Pools	Pool/spa losing water. I have a pool/spa combination.  The spa is at a slightly higher level than the pool.  We bought this hou
Pools	Cement Pool. I have just finished putting in a cement pool for my dogs.  I know spoiled or what?  We have 2 newfs a great Pyren
Pools	Hot Spring Model Sovereign I. I cannot control the temperature of the water.  It remains at 110 F no matter where I set the tem
