Appliances	storm door swings wrong way. my storm door i just got swings in i need it to swing out
Appliances	What year is this machine? What's the value. I was wondering if u could tell me when this was made or model? It is electric. It
Appliances	Bryant 310AAV/JAV Furnace Codes 14 then 34. After considerable money and a lot of work, we were just ready to start showing my 
Appliances	40 gl state water heater problem. Added new assembly and gas valve stays on for few hrs than shuts off (6 yrs old water heater 
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher model #665.1703, Flashing light-won't start. I have a Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher. It will not 
Appliances	Washing Machine Repair. Miele W919 'Aquastop' Fill-Hose. The 'aquastop' fillhose (part number 4061331) on my Miele W919 washing
Appliances	service manual. where can I find a service&repair manual a whirlpool wall oven? mod.#rpd275prb00
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher model #665.1703, Flashing light-won't start. I have a Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher. It will not 
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer Error Code F21. My washer quit in the middle of a cycle and displays F21 error code. How do I fix this?
Appliances	I have a Kenmore 80 Series dryer that stops midway and doesn't get hot sometimes. I have a kenmore 80 series dryer that start a
Appliances	I have some old things in my home. Hello I have some old things that were left by my aunt.  I am not sure what most of the thin
Appliances	Coleman Evcon Furnace Price?. Hello, I have a Coleman/Evcon furnace, model # BGU07512A, I'm looking to sell. Unfortunately, I d
Appliances	Kenmore Dryer 90 series. Where is the thermal fuse
Appliances	GE 6-Slice Convection Toaster Oven with Rotisserie Model # 168947. Hi Guys:  Thanks for your help in this matter!  Last week we
Appliances	Rainsoft EC4 Regeneration. How long does it cycle?. It seems when the system cycles that it takes forever. How long should it t
Appliances	Pink '59 GE Wall Oven Element troubles..... When I turn the oven to bake, the top element comes on instead of the bottom. The b
Appliances	kenmore elite quiet pak 9 dryer manual. My dryer quit shortly after starting a load and the clothes were still wet. When I pres
Appliances	Nordyn A/C unit want come on from thermostat. My unit want come on from the thermostat, model number FEBB-012HA. My heat works 
Appliances	Maytag Refrigerator how to access the coil to clean. How do I remove front grill of French style Maytag Refrigerator to clean t
Appliances	Kenmore washing machine. My ken more washing machine fills to the appropriate level but does not agitate spin or drain ,it soun
Appliances	kenmore 110 88732792 washer won't drain. my kenmore stackable washer/dryer 110 88732792 won't drain
Appliances	New Maytag Refrigerator Recall. https://repair.maytag.com/prjjck/default.jsp
Appliances	?Blower problem. Have a Bryant plus 90 ultimate heating machine ...perhaps a 1992 year ...the unit outside is working but the d
Appliances	repairing kenmore elite washer 24964301. When the washer goes to spin it just makes a grinding noise
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer Error Code F 26. My Kenmore Elite HE 3t washer will not unlock and displays error code f 26.  What does er
Appliances	whirlpool washer lid lock will not work. When you go to start the cycle it will say sensing briefly then the lid lock light wil
Appliances	turning the water off at the hot water tank. I  have an upper horizontal pipe leak over my hot water tank. The water is warm. a
Appliances	No hot water in Kenmore 70 Series washer. I just replaced the hot/cold water valve in my Kenmore 70 Series Heavy Duty Plus wash
Appliances	Harbor Breeze Ceiling fan. I've took down the ceiling fan, but I am unable to remove the blades, from the model #AER52BP5LKRC, 
Appliances	Quiet partner 3. The lock,clean,heatdry lights are all solid green not flashing. The machine will not respond or work. Is there
Appliances	Dishwasher won't start. I have a Whirlpool DU930PWSQ0 dishwasher that won't start.  The drain function still works and the ligh
Appliances	Remote doesn't open garage door.. Remote doesn't open garage door.  If I press the button within the garage, it will open or cl
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash Dishwasher. I have a 2011 dishwasher.  I have used all 3 types of detergents, liquid,powder and the ne
Appliances	Kenmore three door fridge w/freezer down below: Some ice is globing together.. Kenmore Elite three door refrigerator:  The prob
Appliances	wire an 220-240 electrical outlet for a oven. wire an 220-240 electrial out let for a oven
Appliances	kenmore model 26822692 wont drain the water just stays in the tub. my kenmore washer 26822692 does not drain water
Appliances	Kingston Sewing Machine. I need to sell my mothers' vintage Kingston Sewing Machine. It is model #A 664320. It comes w/a cabine
Appliances	what microwave fits plates, holes, etc for ge jvm1631wb005. I need to replace my ge jvm1631wb005 microwave and want to buy easi
Appliances	kenmore elite heavy duty king size quiete pak  ii 11023032102 transmission. my washer sometimes does not spin, however if I giv
Appliances	Maytag washer model SAV4655EWW spinning problem.. My Maytag washer model SAV4655EWW starts to agitate but then stops after abou
Appliances	I have a White Rotary sewing Machine serial no. 33X2884, what year was it made.. Would like to know how the machine is and what
Appliances	Kenmore washer fabric softener dispenser. I have an older Kenmore washer -- circa 1994.  I am trying to remove the water soften
Appliances	Why is my refrigerator leaking and how do I repair this. I have a maytag refrigerator french doors.  I've noticed water on the 
Appliances	Sparks from the heating coil element on the electric stovetop.. Hi:  I'm not sure if this is the correct forum so please excuse
Appliances	Maytag dryer. My maytag dryer won't start
Appliances	Roper Dryer Not Heating. roper dryer only gets hot on high heat setting and then only sometimes. Have replaced thermal fuse and
Appliances	slow cooker repair. The wrap around heating element has broken in my morphy richards slow cooker. does anyone know where i can 
Appliances	Water heater to be set on vacation for winter but not drained and gas left on.. I have a 40 gallon water heater in my summer ho
Appliances	Does a broiler igniter remain on during normal broiling?. I just replaced a bad Bosch broiler igniter and now the broiler works
Appliances	can the door to the dryer be reversed. I would like to have my dryer door open from the left side instead of the right.  Can th
Appliances	220v range wiring. I am moving into a new apartment, that is rather run down, and the landlord doesn't care what i do to fix th
Appliances	I have a ken more ultra washer model 7635.. The dishwasher won't respond to any of the ways it says. Any ideas. Thanks
Appliances	off-centered dryer to floor vent installation in a mobile home. I am replacing my Whirlpool Duet dryer's vent hose with a rigid
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Refrigerater not getting cold. Hello, How long will it take for the refrigerater to start blowing cold air.  Just
Appliances	Frigidaire oven made loud pop and quit working. Hello My Frigidaire oven just made a loud pop noise. A small flash, and then it
Appliances	Why are niether the oven or the broiler are working on my GE gas range. Having trouble with the oven and broiler on my GE gas r
Appliances	sewing machine model number m 05 ns-2641 a montgomery wards. looking to find the year and value of a sewing machine model M 05 
Appliances	gas stove oven not working. Hello everyone. I have a whirlpool gas stove model# sf367LXSQ. I was going to use the oven today an
Appliances	Hamilton Bay Ceiling Fans Troubleshooting. My  ceiling fan is out of balance. Hhow do I find out which blade (s) needs to be fi
Appliances	why wont my whirlpool washer agitate or spin. My machine will fill with water fine and then it just sits there with the water a
Appliances	washer/dryer combo won't start. have a fridgeadaire washer dryer combo. Has been working fine, but suddenly just stopped workin
Appliances	upright freezer has solid frost from top shelf to top coils. I just defrosted my upright freezer and from the top shelf to the 
Appliances	my kenmore pro self cleaning oven stopped cleaning and showed error. It heated up for about an hour first
Appliances	my bad washer. My Kenmore 800 series washer (model no# 29822800) will not supply water to the tub. The water valve is ok for I 
Appliances	Restoring 50's electric stove. Live in Missouri cannot take or ship a stove to calif does anyone know who can repair an old 53 
Appliances	Dishwasher Makes Loud noise - NOT A GRINDING NOISE. I have a Kenmore undercounter dishwasher.  It is Model # 66517512200, Seria
Appliances	Dryer won't start. My fairly new cabrio dryer will power on but when you push start it won't turn on. Any body with advice
Appliances	Gsl25jfpa bs owners manual. My GE Side by side ice maker will not shut off. It does not seem to have a lever that stops ice pro
Appliances	how to remove the sediment in a kettle. After using my kettle for quite a time,, sediment build up at the bottom of the kettle.
Appliances	kenmore elite washer will not agitate. I have a Kenmore Elite washer m/n 110.23022100 that won't agitate. I have replaced the c
Appliances	Kenmore washing machine problems. Kenmore series 70 washing machine won\'t advance to rinse cycle.  After going through the was
Appliances	maytag refrigerator bottom freezer door not closing. Our MBF2258WEB1 fridge with a slide out freezer drawer is not sealing on t
Appliances	5ru cll error. Problem:  My Kenmore Elite model 417.4110 rinse and spin cycle ends but the water  keeps pouring.
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Top Loading Washer Model #23032100. Washer will not spin, everything else works just fine, it is just the spin cy
Appliances	need to find year & value of white sewing machine by serial number. the serial #1x56839
Appliances	I have new LG tv model 55LM4600.  Picure is small in upper left corner.. Picure is small in upper left corner on HD channels on
Appliances	help fridge not cooling ge side by side. i have a gss201emb it is not getting below 50 degrees i have replaced the main board a
Appliances	GE coffee urn  model 116199Z  A65  A152015  upc 681131691994. GE sold small appliance division to Black & Decker.  Black & Deck
Appliances	kenmore elite dryer 110.64972301. I received this dryer from a neighbor and was wondering when it was manufactured since I didn
Appliances	Whirlpool Dehumidifier...Not drawing Water ??. I have a Whirlpool Dehumidifier which was bought this time last year..We set it 
Appliances	dryer not heating up. Have white-Westinghouse dryer about 22 yrs old. Just replaced belt and now tumbler works.  But as working
Appliances	Kenmore dishwasher will not start it has been but not now.. My kenmore dishwasher will not start when i press all other sensing
Appliances	Kenmore washing machine won't drain/rinse. My Kenmore 80 Series washer finishes the agitating (initial) stage, but stops there.
Appliances	Thawing a frozen water line in my GE refrigerator. I have a GE side by side refrigerator with Ice and Water in the freezer door
Appliances	Trane Gas Furnace XE80 Troubleshoot. i have an xe80 gas furnace heater turns on but no heat and fan keeps running cold air. wha
Appliances	frost free side by side freezer has ice build up inside and water drips on floor. My GE side by side frost free freezer is drip
Appliances	my kenmore dryer smartheat quietpak 9 dryer. our kenmoor smartheat quietpak9 dryer will not produce heat during cycles to dry c
Appliances	kenmore 10653334300. fridge and freezer not cold
Appliances	Kemore Elite Calypso. I have a Calypso that was bought in 2001 and I need to know if anyone can give me directions as to how to
Appliances	amana electric dryer only buzzes when start is mashed.. amana electric dryer only buzzes,  when start is mashed. It doesn't tu
Appliances	Maytag washer model no. LAT9306AAE  starts, fills then stops on normal cycle.. It I turn the dial through the normal cycle noth
Appliances	Gas dryer troubleshooting. Gas Dryer Trouble Shooting â€“ No heat or flame shuts down  If your question applies to gas hookups, p
Appliances	kenmore elite clothes washer lights go on and off. Kenmore elite clothes washer. All the option lights blink on and off even wh
Appliances	On a refrigerator door, which is weighing 30 kg, need to calculate torque for hinges. I have a refrigerator of capacity 30 Cu. 
Appliances	the terminal board on my heat/ac unit has letters C,W, R, G, Y.. I have a RUUD heat & ac unit I replaced the indoor switch, ind
Appliances	My kenmore 70 needs help. I have a kenmore 70 series dishwasher. It starts every time like it already has water in it.  However
Appliances	Agitator problem. I have a Kenmore laundry center Model MLXE42RED, it is old I know but all the main parts work great. I have h
Appliances	directv genie. my main tv and garage tv are 1080 lcd screens and have a full picture but my small kitchen lcd tv has a picture 
Appliances	Refrigerator Gasket around door. I am renter with this refrigerator is it appropriate to ask for a new refrigerator to reduce e
Appliances	How To Troubleshoot A Kenmore Ultra Dishwasher. I have a 15 year old Kenmore Ultra wash dishwasher. It won't start...the lock o
Appliances	Kenmore refrigerator ice maker problems?. Ice maker leaking inside freezer
Appliances	state select hot water heater pilot light goes off after heating one tank of water. water heater pilot light goes off after hea
Appliances	Kenmore Dryer - heats & runs but stops mid-cycle. I have been trying to figure out what exactly is up with our Kenmore dryer.  
Appliances	Fridge won't turn on. I have a small 1.7cf Midea fridge. Was working fine, but after sitting turned off for four months, it won
Appliances	maytag dryers troubleshooting. I have four Maytag gas dryers side by side in a laundry room at a retirement community housing f
Appliances	what is fr code means?. everytime i turn on my ac it will automaticaly turn off after several minutes and then fr code is bli
Appliances	will a house fan still work if the capacitor is bad?. I have a house fan, cyclone by lasco, and it was very dirty. Normally if 
Appliances	Have defrost problem, french door freezer at the bottom Maytag. Defrost problem on maytag fridge french doors freezer at the bo
Appliances	kenmore washer  model 417.44052400. My Kenmore front load washing machine won't start.  I've checked the door and the soap disp
Appliances	Fridge in the garage - Icemaker hook up?. Hi there, we have a fridge in the garage. It was moved there due to a leaky icemaker.
Appliances	wiring new thermostat. how do I wire a 1f78 White Rodgers programmable thermostat to a Ruud heat pump model RQNL-B036JK. I have
Appliances	What is the name of alloy of electric fuse wire. What is the name of alloy of electric fuse wire?
Appliances	bobbin type wards uhtj1930. have had this machine for years and need to purchase bobbins which bobbin type do I need to buy
Appliances	how to check thermal fuse on a pyet244ayw maytag dryer. Maytag pyet244ayw electric dryer won't start.  Where is the thermal fus
Appliances	kenmore dryer 600. gets hot but doesn't spin
Appliances	Kenmore washer makes noise but does not agitate or spin. I have a kenmore Heavy duty 90 series top washer. Its model # 92291100
Appliances	front loading washer door won't unlock. I have a maytag neptune front loading washing machine.  The front door is stuck and I c
Appliances	Removing rear panel inside Maytag freezer. I have a Maytag Model RSW24E0D. What is the best way to remove the rear panel to unc
Appliances	whirlpool gas dryer model lgt7646aqo. LGT7646AQO whirlpool gas dryer works in fluff cycle and short damp dry cycle.  Dryer will
Appliances	DeHumidifier. How Long should a Portable Dehumidifier last ?? Yes I could put this question the Manufacturer but I'm sure they 
Appliances	How to level a Kenmore Elite Refrigerator?. Hello, How do you level a Kenmore Elite refrigerator?
Appliances	my kenmore elite 42922 won't drain or spin.... After someone washed their shoes in my front load washer it got stuck saying sud
Appliances	Symmons trim kit help. Hello, I  went to replace the washer on the symmons flow control spindle. As no good deed goes unpunishe
Appliances	Whirlpool duet dryer error code f01. What does an error code F01 on Whirlpool Duet Steam Electric Dryer mean?  Pressed the butt
Appliances	Drain poorly and shuts off. I have a Whirlpool Duet Sport washer that sometimes doesn't drain the clothes well, and shuts off. 
Appliances	Ceiling Fan Direction. Please help me find the reverse switch on my Hampton Bay ceiling fan.  It is a 5 blade white fan with 4 
Appliances	whirlpool wall double ovens make horrible grinding noise when on.. My double ovens make a horrible noise when working. A noise 
Appliances	Kenmore Dishwasher Model 665158240000 quick rinse flashing. Dishwasher quick rinse keeps blinking what does this mean?  Can't t
Appliances	we have a new gas dryer.  It takes forever to dry anything. any suggestions. When I look outside at the vent, it blows steam fo
Appliances	squealing noise in clothes dryer westinghouse. Hi  I have this high pitch squealing noise coming from my Westinghouse stacker w
Appliances	My kenmore ultra wash quiet guard 4 soap dispenser does not open.. I changed the dispenser and it still does not open. nothing 
Appliances	How to remove and replace a garage motor 139.3043 sprocket. I have a 139.3043 motor Belt Drive that I need to replace the sproc
Appliances	Soap residue still left in clothes. I have soap residue still left in my clothes even after rinsing 2-3 times.  I tried rinsing
Appliances	sears kenmore washer model 110 spin cycle not working. Sears Kenmore Heavy Duty 70 Series model 110.92274100  is not fully spin
Appliances	DVD drawer stuck open. [ have a DVD/TV combo set, and the DVD drawer is stuck open with no DVD inside. How do I get it to opera
Appliances	hotpoint side by side cold side not cold freez side ok. hotpoint hss251fmdww..251  or 25l  not sure....frezzer seens  ok..good 
Appliances	faulty on/off front load dryer. When door closes, dryer turns on and does not get hot and will shut off when open door
Appliances	Foam in the Prewash cycle - Beko DFN6833 S. Hello, I just need to ask if a little of foam is normal in the dishwasher? Actually
Appliances	Antique Singer Sewing Machine Value has serial number AD824333. I have an old singer machine.  serial number AD824333.  I want 
Appliances	wiring diagram for A13 1000 thermostat into Zanussi Z23/2TR. Hi team, Got a new thermostat (ATEA A13 1000) to replace the old o
Appliances	kenmore washing machine manual. My kenmore frontload washing machine stops and beeps mid cycle and displays an F2 alarm. My man
Appliances	Fridgemaster Fridge Freezer dial. On my fridgemaster there is a dial numbered 1 to 4. Is 1 the coldest or the warmest?
Appliances	how to replace a kenmore dishwasher heating element. I have a Kenmore Elite dishwasher,  Model No. 665.17462300, with a broken 
Appliances	Should I call an applicance repair shop or fix my screeching dryer myself?. I have a White/Westinhouse dryer model DE/DG 650K. 
Appliances	Tumble Dryer Diagram. Has anyone got a wiring diagram for the creda sensair tumbledryer timer model 37653E?  Thanks
Appliances	how to change an orfice in a water heater. I have a power vent LP water heater and have recently gotten natural gas to the hous
Appliances	how do i hookup the upholstery connection. I have hoover steam vac deluxe model no.F 5853-900 trying to hookup upholstery hose 
Appliances	coleman gas furnace not blowing hot air. My furnace is flashing for the limit switch open and it wont stop blowing cold air! I 
Appliances	Help with AC unit. I have a Payne PA10JA060-G.  I can hear a buzzing but fan is not turning.  What do I do?  I looked at the ca
Appliances	Black & Decker Mower 8019. My trusty mower of many years service is now smoking & smelling?  Seems to get the cover off, I have
Appliances	States select hot water heater. Pilot light will not stay on after lighting
Appliances	Free Repair Manual for Kenmore Washer. my model # is 1109283100,and myagitator only moves in the bottom,I bought thec clip asse
Appliances	Auto set drying times. How do I reset the automatic time on my whirlpool duet dryer. It lost 7 minutes off the preset time when
Appliances	A/C unit. Inside rotating fan wont come on. I noticed how hot it was and the inside temp has higher than what the thermostat wa
Appliances	changing door switch on kenmore elite smartheat quiet pak9. How do I change the door switch?
Appliances	MAYTAG Dryer - Model SDE505DAYW - no heat. I checked the fuses - fine  If it is the thermal control - how hard is it to replace
Appliances	friedrich ac. Hi, My problem will probably require a quick solution with the right advise. The knob that turns the AC unit on i
Appliances	No heat. Why would my dryer  suddenly stop getting heat?
Appliances	Hope You Never Get A Defective Product From Sears, You Will Be In For A Nightmare!. Our home was built and completed in late Se
Appliances	service center for prestige induction cook-top. where is the service center for prestige induction cook-top in new mumbai or mu
Appliances	maytag dryer wont dry clothes. my dryer will not dry clothes
Appliances	kenmore washer dryer combo stops at the rinse cycle. sears Kenmore 417 98702891 stack washer is not going to the rinse spin cyc
Appliances	gallery series dryer. my gallery series dryer model # 134509400 is squeking and i'm not sure how to fix the problem or what is 
Appliances	Whirlpool Dryer Shuts Off. Why is the dryer shutting off after about 5 minutes?  There is no lint, it is vented correctly, can 
Appliances	Need a diagram of where the thermal fuse is located?. I have a Sears Kenmore Stackable Washer & Dryer.  Need to located the the
Appliances	Whirlpool washer clothes wet at end of cylce. Hello, I have a whirlpool washer LSR8233EQ1.  After the cycles are complete, the 
Appliances	pf1mnb030. Its a Payne unit, The outside unit froze up and the heat has not work. When I turn it on there is a click at the out
Appliances	Why does our Kenmore side by side icemaker freeze up. Why does our Kenmore side by side refrigerator/freezer icemaker freeze up
Appliances	whirlpool senseon dryer problem. i have a seseon whirlpool dryer oncei turn it on the sensor light comes on and does nothing el
Appliances	how do I access Maytag dryer belt?. I have a Maytag MD9606 Dryer with a squeaky belt, how do I repair it?
Appliances	Ran diagnostic test. Got F35 error during the C00 phase. What is wrong?. When I ran the diagnostic test described, the F35 faul
Appliances	maytag MSD2641KES continues to frost up after replacement of ADC board and thermosta. I replaced the ADC board 9 months ago.  F
Appliances	Problem during fill cycle. During filling on warm setting, the hot water gets turned on and off, but it is doing it every few s
Appliances	Maytag Electric Dryer MDE4000AYW. Last year, my dryer started making terrible sounds.  It dries fine, just sounds like it's dyi
Appliances	whirlpool dishwasher rince cycle light keeps blinking. keeps rincing
Appliances	Replacing a GE oven baking element. Attempting to replace the baking element in a GE oven  Two wires coming from the back of th
Appliances	bottom crisper drawer freezing. The top shelf in my fridge freezes food and the bottom crisper drawer freezes my produce. Not s
Appliances	dryer plug. 50A-250V. LEVITON outlet. Need to know which wire goes where?
Appliances	whirlpool senseon dryer won't dry clothes. our whirlpool dryer won't dy our clothes. Where is the heating elelment?
Appliances	how old is hotpoint washer s/n MF4987134. can you tell how old a washer is by the model and s/N#?   I have a kenmore model 110.
Appliances	GE Refrigerator side by side leaking under ice and water dispenser.. I have the GE side by side about a year old and it has lea
Appliances	how do i remove the drum from a montgomery ward dryer. I have a Montgomery Ward Dryer (Heavy Duty Twenty) which I bought in 198
Appliances	Hampton Bay - Track Light Head 725-367 00008938102469. I am trying to find Hampton Bay - Track Light Head 725-367 0000893810246
Appliances	Food Processor Manual Needed. I just picked up a J. C. Penney model 8340 food processor at a yard sale. It works fine, cleans u
Appliances	Blinking ceiling fan lights. I have a 57 inch Hunter Ceiling Fan with lights.  The fan runs perfectly but when I turn on the li
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash 2 stays on lock. i have reset it kept power to it off but it stays on lock. pushed codes to reset worked at 
Appliances	Washer will not wash. Sears model 417 44052401 will not fill with water and wash.  It clicks as though it is going to start loa
Appliances	Have an ice box & when plugged into gcfi outlet it trips.. When I plug into GCFI outlet it trips. I tried it into 2 different G
Appliances	Frigidaire Dryer Problems. dryer squeaks, does not dry properly--takes 2-3 times longer than usual
Appliances	Whirlpool dishwasher stopped working.. My whirlpool dishwasher gold has stopped working and the clean light flashes. It will no
Appliances	smell dryer new duct. I just had a piece of the dryer duct (the part that goes from house wall to outside) replaced by a plumbe
Appliances	Kenmore elite model quiet guard 7 model 665.. Six month old dishwasher.  Worked fine until today - won't start.  LIghts are on 
Appliances	kenmore 59668147891 which # 1 thru 10 is the coldest. here are the numbers on my refrigerator lr9092 model #59668147891 p131700
Appliances	Whirlpool Duet gas dryer smells like natural gas. My machine has been idle (stored) for about 3 years as my new home was not ou
Appliances	My drip pan is overflowing. What can i do? Kitchen Aid model # KSRG25FKBL17.. My drip pan is overflowing. What can i do? Kitche
Appliances	Kenmore 665.13712K601 has power. Normal wash won't light and dishwasher won't run???. That's the problem in a nutshell. I have 
Appliances	Carrier 8000 Model 58CTX , will not turn off, HEAT STAYS ON. My Carrier 8000 Weathermaker model 58ctx -135 randomly turned itse
Appliances	does turning down water heater really save energy. My husband and I are in a constant argument about turning down the water hea
Appliances	Thermal Fuse Replacement in Kenmore Dishwasher. How to replace and location of the thermal fuse in a Kenmore dishwasher 665.162
Appliances	Gas Wall heater with White-Rogers model#1E78-140 thermostat. The thermostat hookup is 2-wire and there are 3 screw connectors i
Appliances	kenmore 600 series dryer. My dryer is getting hot yet the clothes not getting dry.  We have checked the vent to make sure there
Appliances	Whirlpool double oven. I have a Whirlpool double oven mod.# rbd275prb00. I don't have a wiring diagram. My question is there an
Appliances	Whirlpool washer wont high spin. We recently noticed that our washer wont high spin. It makes a noise like its trying to spin b
Appliances	Kenmore UltaWash QuietGuard4 START BUTTON. Some of the lights are on so there is power but the START button will not function a
Appliances	kenmore fridge not cooling. I have a Kenmore fridge model #106.56642500 . Was working - know it does not cool I plug it in all 
Appliances	how do I replace the front sealing strip on my Bosch Nexxt 500 series electric dryer.. I replaced the belt and still have a squ
Appliances	Sidebyside ref. top is warm bottom is cold. Side by side ref is warm on top and cold on bottom .......   both freezer and ref
Appliances	ge side by side gsh25jsta ss defrosting and refreezing. Just replaced the control board. Still have the problem of everything i
Appliances	Igniter motor continues to run after shut off. Igniter motor runs continually
Appliances	How convert Propane water heater into Natural Gas unit. How to convert an Propane water heater into Natural Gas? I have Whirlpo
Appliances	do the cities have a code for dishwasher removals. I want to remove a dishwasher in Laguna Niguel, Ca and then order one...SOme
Appliances	why does my maytag oven hum when i turn it on. my wall unit maytag oven hums when it is turned on. I was told the control unit 
Appliances	GE Profile Refrigerator Problems. why is the hose on my g e refrigerator ice maker freezing up causing water to go into my free
Appliances	How do i reset my kenmore 665.13732k601 ultrawash dishwasher. cleaning light blinking
Appliances	6+2 pon eps to 8 pin eps adapter. I just got all my parts & went to plug in my power supple for my processor and my 6+2 pin doe
Appliances	kenmore stacking washer and dryer making a grinding sound during spin cycle. My Kenmore stacking washer/dryer makes a grinding 
Appliances	Kitchenaid dishwasher problem - need help. I have an old Kitchenaid dishwasher. Removed bottom panel and floor is dry - no prob
Appliances	Maytag sides by side door refrigerator not cooling at all.. Changed the overload kit and still not working. Both sides not cool
Appliances	Frigidaire dryer only partially warms up. Our Frigidaire FDG4 model dryer does not heat up completely.  It gets warm, but does 
Appliances	Coversion of AO Smith Water Heater Model GPVL 50 200. In April I purchased and had installed a new water heater.  We are now ge
Appliances	Squeaky Clothes Dryer. My dryer makes these brutal high pitch squeaking sounds.  Does anyone know what might be causing it and 
Appliances	hot water heater. Since I installed a new water heater I have air in the hot water lines. None in cold water lnes.
Appliances	York electric furnace. My furnace will not shut off by the thermostat.i installed a new thermostat and still will not shut off 
Appliances	pilot light won't stay lit on water heaters. I already replaced the thermocouple. pilot light won't stay lit on water heaters. 
Appliances	Maytag refrigerator not cooling. Power is working but not cooling.  Model no. Ptb1952gr
Appliances	garage door light blinks with sensor lights aligned and no apparent obstructions. My garage door light blinks when trying to cl
Appliances	I have a Kenmore HE3 Gas dryer, the dryer will ignite and run for several minutes but. My Kenmore HE3 will start and run, flame
Appliances	Rheem Power Vent 2 Troubleshooting. My Rheem power vent 2 is two years old. I live in Scarborough and we are seniors and not to
Appliances	how close may my stove be to the gas pipe. I have a new gas stove.  The gas stove is replacing another gas stove that was there
Appliances	cooling problem. My Maytag MSD2454GR is too cold on the refridgerator side.  The device to turn temp. up or down doesn't seem t
Appliances	Need to replace belt on washing machine.  What to do?. I have an Amana top loading washing machine that has a broken belt.  Too
Appliances	Noticing a glowing light at bottom of dryer. I recently purchased a Kenmore flat back electric dryer and have noticed a small g
Appliances	how do I remove the back half of a broken water filter from my refrigerator used for. my refrigerator was in storage and my wat
Appliances	kenmore quiet guard 3. My green clean light keeps flashing and I cannot cancel the flashing green light OR start my dishwasher.
Appliances	Kenmore dishwasher filling with water. Kenmore dishwasher model#587.15149405, filled up with water a full cycle, will not run o
Appliances	carrier furnace code 31. I have a carrier 1994 gas furnace. When I turn furnace on the blower starts running for 90 seconds thr
Appliances	timer of bpl refrigerator is not working what to do. I Have a BPL frost free refrigerator which works freezes continuously afte
Appliances	What does the code AF mean on my whirlpool cabrio dryer?. What does the code AF on my whirlpool cabrio dryer mean?
Appliances	kenmore elite gas dryer. I have a Kenmore Elite Gas Dryer, it will run for about ten minutes, then starts to beep, then shuts d
Appliances	kenmore gas dryer won't heat up. My kenmore gas dryer series 80 will not heat up. I have replaced the 2 soleniods on the gas li
Appliances	amana dryer finish buzzer comes on when i hit start. when i turn the timer on to any time and hit the start button the buzzer t
Appliances	old Sears wall furnace. My dad has an old Sears natural gas, fan-type sealed combustion wall furnace, model #867 73572.  The mo
Appliances	My Kenmore electric dryer works and heats up but only warm.. Our Kenmore dryer heats up but only gets warm. We have to run it m
Appliances	my Admiral dryer is making a terrible squeaking noise at the begining of cycle?. My Admiral dryer is making a horrible squeakin
Appliances	wiring diagram for kenmore refrigerator model 596.51672100. our Kenmore keeps freezing on top of the defrost thermostat. Is the
Appliances	can I change Receivers from two door openers. I have an old garage door opener which works intermittently with two remotes unti
Appliances	maytag dryer drum does not turn belt is not broken. Maytag dryer drum will not turn but belt not broken
Appliances	Furnace cycling. Shorted out the red & white wires at furnace to eliminate the thermostat. Unit turns on for 5-6 minutes & then
Appliances	Bottom freezer works - top frigerator is not working.. We have a Maytag MBB2256GES. We recently had a repair guy come out & cha
Appliances	Maytag refrigerator cooling off and on. I have a Maytag Refrigerator that cools off and on. I can hear the motor and afn runnin
Appliances	washer drains but does not do final spin wssh300g0w ge. Hi everyone, My front end washer just stared doing this yesterday. It w
Appliances	is the broiler heating element supposed to turn red maytag performa model per5750qas. Is the broiler heating element inside the
Appliances	how to unlock control lock on kenmore dishwasher 665.13293k112. the control lock is locked on my kenmore dishwasher model 665.1
Appliances	honda hs35 snow thrower. how do you remove the knobs off the dash
Appliances	maytag ldg7304aae won't heat long. I have a Maytag LDG7304AAE.  I do not have a wiring diagram, so that would be helpful if any
Appliances	ge refrigerator problems. GE PROFILE Refrigerator --- Ice Maker only makes crushed ice on both settings: Crushed and Ice Cubes.
Appliances	Clicking noise when furnace is on. I have a gas furnace-4 years old. It is heating fine, but I notice there is this clicking no
Appliances	baseboard heater W/btf2 thermostat. I am having a problem with the thermostat wiring.[240 volts] I have the two black wires fro
Appliances	convert gas to electric. Change from Gas to Electric  My hot water heater and stove currently rely on gas.  I have been told th
Appliances	Ice Makers?. We bought a new Whirlpool in February 2012. The ice maker was working fine until we emptied out the bin. Now I can
Appliances	gas furnace. Gas furnace is beeping a short while after it goes on. Can you tell me if it indicates a dangerous situation? And 
Appliances	dryer hard to start. when hot. maytag performa model pyg3200aww motor seem to have hard start, once running it heats first time
Appliances	sear washer repair manual. Have a small oil leak appearing on floor under washer, want to look inside and see what could be cau
Appliances	gas stove concerns. a pest control guy looked behind the stove.  Now when I turn on one burner - my left front burner clicks an
Appliances	My clothes washer is not spinning properly.. When it comes to the spin cycle it makes a wierd sound until I open the lid, then 
Appliances	fresh food compartment coil frozen. GE model PSC23PSTASS, the coil in the FF side get all freezed and I can't figure out what i
Appliances	GE Model S2199E4WW Washing Machine. Hello,  My washer won't agitate or Spin. It will fill and empty fine. Any suggestions are a
Appliances	Kenmore series 90 washer is not letting cold water run in?. We had well problems and some grit/iron might have gotton to the wa
Appliances	Replaced front dryer drum bearing twice. I replaced the front dryer drum bearing twice, the last one 2 months ago and it has wo
Appliances	Power washer plug in. Plug in, which has reset button, will click on and off sending intermittent power to pump.  Resetting doe
Appliances	Whirlpool Dryer Keeps Shutting Off. My electric Whirlpool dryer is 4 years old, model # GEQ9858JQ0.  The dryer shuts off interm
Appliances	Crazy dryer. Hi  we have a kenmore oasis drye  and the error code  af keeps flashing it is working but it seems to be getting r
Appliances	Refrigerator will not cool. I have a 4 year old Maytag side-by-side Refrigerator and initially the fridge stopped cooling.  Unf
Appliances	my insignia tv turns off and on on channel 40. insignia tv  32 inch flat screen  about 11/2 years old  turns on and off repeate
Appliances	i got shocked plugging in my dryer after unplugging it, why?. i got shocked plugging in my dryer after unplugging it, why?
Appliances	Whirlpool Cabrio Dryer sensor light. My whirlpool cabrio dryer will not start. The 'mode indicator' stays on sensing.
Appliances	intermittent switch for dryer what is it for. intermittent switch keep buzzing and what it for
Appliances	freezer goes off too long. freezer goes off for too long every couple days and stuff starts to melt before it comes back on and
Appliances	washer doesn't have hot water even when it is set to warm or hot. When I set the washer to warm or hot, it still pours cold wat
Appliances	Kenmore Washer model 110.23032101. I have a Kenmore Washer model 110.23032101 that does not spin out completely. It seems to sp
Appliances	reset sequence for kenmore dishwasher 665.16639. What is the reset sequence for the Kenmore Dishwasher Quiet Guard 1           
Appliances	hotwater101. how do i drain a water heater?
Appliances	GE Profile PSS25SS Side by Side Ref - frost build up on rear of freezer. Heyya,  I have a GE Profile Side by Side ref, PSS25SS,
Appliances	Error Message F11 on Kenmore Elite He4T. I have a Kenmore Elite He4T washer that keeps stopping near the end of the wash cycle 
Appliances	Whirlpool washer will wash, spin, empty, won't go to rinse cycle. Whirlpool washer will fill with water, wash, empty water, spi
Appliances	where is thermal limiter for frididaire gallery. is the fuse located from top of dryer or the back?? its a gallery commercial w
Appliances	My Whirlpool washer top-half agitator slips. Whirlpool Estate washing machine, SM 8280869. Two-piece agitator. The top half see
Appliances	Coleman EVCON Central Electric Furnace. Model EB10B The problem I have is that the furnace runs fine during the day kicks off a
Appliances	washing machine smells like burning electrical. my machine smelt of burning electrics, it has now stopped working, but the mach
Appliances	Coleman furnace won't light... Gas Valve?. Furnace: Coleman G8c series Gas Valve: White Rogers 36E52-204 (Not made anymore)  Le
Appliances	Ceiling fan. I have a Concord Ceilng fan model HC-1131. It has 16 inch blades but I want to move it to a larger room. Can I ins
Appliances	Fridge not cooling. Y is my amana fridge model AFD2535FES is not cooling?
Appliances	How do I lift the top panel of a 1996 Kenmore washer?. I don't need a diagnosis. The lid switch is broken where the mounting sc
Appliances	Changing a dryer from a 4 prong to a 3 prong. We needed to change a 4 prong cord to a 3 prong cord on a Maytag Neptune dryer Mo
Appliances	Kenmore Elite dryer not coming off of delicates cycle at 36 minutes. The dryer won't come off of the delicates setting and only
Appliances	white sewing machines antique. I have a white rotary sewing machine and cabinet, serial #FR-249997, Serial #437 U S Patent from
Appliances	whirlpool WTW4850XQ. i have a whirlpool washer WTW4850XQ. It will not drain after a regular wash cycle, but if i put it into ri
Appliances	my microwave is tripping the breaker instantly. my microwave trips the 20 amp breaker so I go down stairs and trip the breaker 
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash dishwasher troubleshooting 665. The dishwasher will not turn on.  I've checked the Bi-metal fuse and its ok.
Appliances	Who manufactured the wards 2057 computerized sewing machine. It was purchased from Wards between 1987 and 1995
Appliances	ice build up. Maytag refrigerator model MSD2422GR has 1 inch of ice in bottom of freezer side every two weeks.
Appliances	Error code F90. Tried to start self clean options  - did what the booklet said to do - now the stove keeps beeping with it blin
Appliances	Whirlpool Gas Dryer. Hello, I need help. My 2002 Whirlpool Gas Dryer just stop heating. I have cleaned the lint filter and also
Appliances	Kenmore elite gas Dryer mod 110 70094990. My Kenmore Elite Gas Dryer has power but does not turn on any lights. What could be t
Appliances	Dryer Plug wont fit into socket. I recently replaced an older dryer with a newer one.  When I went to plug it in I found that t
Appliances	Comfortmaker gas furnace?. I have an n8mpn gas furnace.  It will completely shut off.  There is no power going to the circuit b
Appliances	owners manual for oasis He Washer. which hookup is for hot water?
Appliances	REFRIGERATOR water dispenser drip. Whats making water drip from my water dispenser on the door of my Maytag mdb# MZD2665HEQ ref
Appliances	dishwasher heating element stays on. My Maytag model mdbh980aws dishwasher heating element will not turn off
Appliances	whirlpool ultimate care II not draining. washer not draining and have checked lid switch and pump. lid switch in tact and pump 
Appliances	110.44722401 Kenmore. I have the water hose plugged up to my sink and it's on, but for some reason no water is going into the w
Appliances	Chip In Cooktop?. Don't ask how but my wife put a fairly good size chip in the glass on our smooth top range. it's probably clo
Appliances	How to change the light bulb in md. msd27566aeb bottom drawers?. I can get to the light bulb, but the plastic fixture holding t
Appliances	Heat, no power. I have a he4t washer with no power I replaced CCU and the front lit up and I pressed cancel put the mach. back 
Appliances	Kenmore dishwasher lights flashing: Hi Temp & Heat Dry. I've tried 3x now to run the dishwasher on Normal Wash mode, and it
Appliances	bryant furnace 80 plus. something is trying to start up when furnace is off
Appliances	In sink erator pro17 won't stop spinning after turn on. The insink erator pro17 which is turn on and off by turning the drain c
Appliances	How do you hook up a thermostat in a coleman evcon air and furnace?. My air was not working so I called a repairman that works 
Appliances	drain water heater. i attached hose to bottom of water heater to drain it loosened the top valve and nothing comes out, how do 
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra wash Mod# 665-17769K600. Front Panel ctrl buttons not working. Reset was working until last night  but now nothin
Appliances	my kenmore washer will not agitate nor spin during a wash help me someone. My kenmore elite washer will not agitate nor spin du
Appliances	whirlpool dryer intermittently shuts off. my whrilpool dryer model wed9050xw1 is intermittently shutting off after about a minu
Appliances	kenmore elite dishwasher 4 hour delay flashing. 4 hour delay flashing, no other buttons work.  Turned off at breaker in hopes t
Appliances	error message F dl. My door won't lock on my Kenmore he washer leaving the message F dl. What can I do?
Appliances	how do i to get to stove insulation the easiest. a mouse wrecked havoc on my stove insulation, what is the easiest way to get t
Appliances	My Kenmore Freezer smells like rubber burning?. My upright freezer smells like rubber is burning.  The freezer alarm when off b
Appliances	Whirlpool washer won't do anything after filling with water.. I have a full load in my washer & it won't do anything. I hear a 
Appliances	coloman ac uint BRCQ0361BD thermostat wires. hi how do I rehook my thermostat wire back up anyone send me a diagram or tell me 
Appliances	110.88732792 won,t drain. How can I get my Kenmore 110.88732792 to drain?
Appliances	I have a kenmore 90 series washer, it stopped working and it wont drain or anything.. my washer stopped complettely and wont dr
Appliances	old Heil Quaker oil furnace. I have an investment property out in the country. It is an old house with an oil fired Heil Quaker
Appliances	Whirlpool washer, what is wrong?. I have a whirlpool washer duet when holding the button to start it beeps and the F 11 comes a
Appliances	E307185 Light Bulb. I recently installed a used Hampton Bay ceiling fan and cannot find replacement bulbs   standard base too l
Appliances	kenmore elite dishwasher diagnostic check. Model #66516592201 Kenmore Elite Dishwasher --- no matter what setting I use it will
Appliances	Is my old anchor hocking microwave popper bpa FREE. I love my popcorn popper. I would like to know  if it is bpa free. It's mad
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher flashing clean light needs to be reset. We paid a Sears repairman to come out when we had a fla
Appliances	Kenmore refrigerator will only serve crushed ice!. Can anyone give me an idea as to what is going on?  I have a Kenmore side by
Appliances	dryer has power but needs hand start.. Ok so I just moved in. Ac didn't work. Noticed ac breaker was off. Turned it on. Day lat
Appliances	Does anyone know how to install an outside the refrigerator water filter. I went to replace my water filter in my new home on m
Appliances	making old softener lighter to remove for new one. what is the easiest way to remove wet salt pellets - about a third of the br
Appliances	What Could Be The Problem If Your Whirlpool Dryer Duet Is Not Heating. I have a Whirlpool Duet dryer MOD#GGW9200LL1. It runs bu
Appliances	Whirlpool duet washer error codes F 35. I have a whirlpool due washter and steam dryer.  Lately when I wash a load of clothes I
Appliances	Whirlpool Washer remove back?. I have a Whirlpool washer that I have a bad inlet valve, as water keeps on running into the wash
Appliances	kenmore elite ultra wash dishwasher reset. A spatula fell through the bottom rack. This caused an obstruction to the rotating s
Appliances	vent from micrwave to the roof leaks water into microwave. new microwave installed by a handyman, vents was resealed and then r
Appliances	Troubleshooting HVAC--Condenser won't turn on. I have a Carrier Weathermaker 8000 furnace (58WAV090-JC) with a Lennox condenser
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer - Water fills during spin cycle. On our Kenmore Elite Washer water continues to run into the tub during th
Appliances	whirlpool calypso washer. my whirlpool automatic washer with calypso wash motion will not power up. I have checked the outlet a
Appliances	condenser fan motor wiring. I have a carrier central air conditioning unit. I bought a replacement fan motor that is not the OE
Appliances	gas water heater. I have a whirlpool gas water heater. I have already changed the thermocouple and the gas vavle and the pilot 
Appliances	Window air conditioner blows cold air, but the frame/body is VERY hot.. The air conditioner has been working great and is still
Appliances	GSL22JFTABS ge refrigerator problems. Hi we had Brown out and now refrigerator will not run in the control panel does not light
Appliances	whirlpool dishwasher. The heated dry light flashes all the time   model number DU1145XTPQ1  thanks craig
Appliances	frigidaire dryer will not start. I think my daughter did not clean vent pipe and thermal limiter blew.  I can get this part for
Appliances	Hampton  Bay Ceiling Fan 52A4HR4T remote not working. I have two ceiling fans, both models are Hampton Bay 52A4HR4T with 2 remo
Appliances	Goodman Heating & Air Unit heat won't stay on. Goodman heating and air conditioning unit heat won't stay on. New 4 months old G
Appliances	Front load stackable washer issue. My friend has a stackable washer/dryer set which is about 10 years old and is a Maytag.  For
Appliances	Kenmore Dishwasher Model 665.137. Control panel is dead. Inside bottom of washer contains several inches of water. Have not d
Appliances	ge water dispenser,ice cube, crushed ice notworking. water dispenser,cubes,crushed ice not working ge side/side eterna
Appliances	kitchenaid dishwasher won't cycle. KitchenAid Dishwasher KUDS02FRSS1 The machine fills with water when started and the spinning
Appliances	dishwasher ultra wash. dishwasher out of sequence, washer washing with clean light on
Appliances	Ge water dispenser freeze up. My ge authorized repair man said I cannot use the heater kit on my model lss25xg because the back
Appliances	kenmore  model 48102 front load wont drain or spin.. washer seems to work normal until final drain and spin cycle ( does not ) 
Appliances	GLOWING red-hot connection to heater element. My 1970s era Fridgidaire electric dryer stopped heating up. I looked inside and s
Appliances	vintage electric stove parts. I have a Frigidaire Custom Imperial electric range. I need 2 of the 6 in burner units.  Also, whe
Appliances	ge side/side #esh22xg. control panel no water,ice or light
Appliances	Overcharge of R134a in fridge? [Amana ARS2367AW]. Hello all!  I've got an Amana side-by-side that apparently lost it's charge, 
Appliances	maytag gas dryer wants to stop blowing air.. My maytag gas dryer model MGD6600TQ0 turns on, heats up, and works fine, but it wa
Appliances	Kitchenaide dishwasher won't cycle.. Hello. My name is Diane and this is the first time I've been on this board. I have a Kitch
Appliances	blinking lights on kenmore 665 ultra wash dishwasher. tried all sequences none have worked very fustrated kenmore ultra wash  6
Appliances	Kenmore Dishwasher (Mod# 665 13213K901) will NOT turn on.. My dishwasher will NOT turn on.  All of the lights work when pressed
Appliances	emerson motor model k55ambht-9210 repair. I need to replace the flywheel on an old Casablance fan, Slumber Three, Delta II, Eme
Appliances	general electric washing machine model G-136-0. I have this model washing machine and want to find out how to get the agitator 
Appliances	Only 1 cycle. I'm kenmore elite will only run 1 cycle. That is the perm press for 36 minutes. It only runs for 5 minutes then t
Appliances	GE Profile refrigerator (PFSS9PKYASS) ice maker jams up. Our ice maker jams up; the ice doesn't dump out and the ice turns into
Appliances	gas dryer heats up    but not turning and belt fine??. kenmoore gas dryer heats up when push start but wont tumble. belt is fin
Appliances	Whirlpool washer won't spin or drain. We have a 8 year old Whirlpool Washing machine model number GSL9365EQ1  It won't spin or 
Appliances	Are there fuses in the Sears 417.81142000 dryer? How can I get to it?. My dryer suddenly stopped running. There was no problem 
Appliances	air conditioner ultra 1000. the face plate to my inside thermostate was lost. i need to know how to program my thermostate to c
Appliances	What amperage do I need for dual range stoves. What amperage do I need for a dual fuel range?
Appliances	Bissell Vacuum Cleaner. My Bissell Vacuum Cleaner Model 3910 is very very loud.  I took it completely apart and cleaned everyth
Appliances	Door seal leak. We have completed installation of our Ken o Elite model 665.1277.  Half way through the first cycle we have a l
Appliances	Whirlpool Senseon Dryer. Dryer won't start.  Sensing light comes on when you press start...it clicks but doesn't start.
Appliances	maytag washer won't start. Our maytag washer filled with water and then quit working.  no blown fuses.  Other power supply did 
Appliances	dc07 animal change main drive belt. I have a dyson DC07 animal. According to the dyson video all you have to do is to slip the 
Appliances	Kenmore Washer agitator dogs replacement. How to replace agitator dogs for model 417.97822701
Appliances	Centurion 35 day wind up wall clock with chime. My husband found this clock at a garge sale n I can't figure out how to get the
Appliances	glet1142cso frigidaire. when in agitate cycle, tub spins and being full of water, it spins over the sides of the tub.
Appliances	Dryer squeak, General Electric. I have a General Electric dryer (Model DDE5944VJLWH) with  a squeak, it seems to squeak with th
Appliances	dishwasher 665.1346. the door wont stay down when open, i found 2 plastic or rubber parts under the door?  what are part #s and
Appliances	refrigerator, noisy motor. Kenmore refrigerator makes loud clunking noise when motor shuts off, otherwise is functioning fine -
Appliances	viking range vdsc365. broiler wont shut off when i bake how can i fix this
Appliances	Kenmore elite model 596 73503200. What size screw do I need to mount / attach the ice maker to the freezer on a  Kenmore elite 
Appliances	Shorty's Muffler advertises it can install a new muffler in 30 minutes or less. Howev. I'm having trouble finding the answers t
Appliances	Leak by tub bearing. Sounds like bad bearing
Appliances	whirlpool gas oven not heating. Whirlpool gas oven is not heating up. Model # SF367PEYQ8. The stove top burner works fine but n
Appliances	why does my microwave keep tripping the breaker. I have used my microwave flawlessly for 3 years. In the middle of use one ni
Appliances	Whirlpool duet dryer. We replaced the heater coil, it works for a little while then cuts off.  Could it be the thermostat?
Appliances	Genie pro system does not repond to clicking on transmitter. The transmitter light is on, I can hear the clicking sound but Eve
Appliances	insinkerator pro 17. My Pro 17 turns on but won't turn off.  Does it need a new switch?
Appliances	Why would my dehumidifier freeze?. Did anyone ever have a dehumidifier that freezes up? The filters are clean, it seems to run 
Appliances	kenmore heavy duty 80 series electric dryer. Dryer has never dried clothes in a timely manner..It take about 2 hours to dry a l
Appliances	Tricity Oven: TBF 610 problem. Hi, My oven won't heat up.  The Fan comes on, and the element and thermostat both work for all o
Appliances	GE Refridgerator not cooling properly. I have a GE side by side refrigerator and it is not cooling properly.  The fridge side i
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash quiet guard. Dishwasher was turned off before cycle completed and now will not start again, the clean light 
Appliances	Kenmore 665.1389 blinking Normal Wash and Cancel/Drain lights. Doesn't seem to working for me.  Turned off power, turned back o
Appliances	2009 whirlpool dryer spins but no heat. We bought a used washer & dryer.  Our outlet is a 3 prong, the dryer is a 4 prong, so w
Appliances	Whirlpool duet dryer repair questions answered?. My Whirlpool GGW9250PW3 gas dryer stopped mid-cycle, and now the sensing light
Appliances	Kitchen Aid Dishwasher blinking lights. I currently have a Kitchen Aid Dishwasher with the rinse only cancel lights blinking wi
Appliances	Whirlpool WFW9500TW01 Washing Machine - f35 error. Ran diagnostic test and the following codes showed (in this order) -  F35 C0
Appliances	Kenmore Washer Troubleshooting. My kenmore washer is leaving black marks on my light colored clothes
Appliances	Dryer does not heat in auto dry mode.. my question was asked very succinctly here:  http://www.askmehelpdesk.com/applian...ode-
Appliances	kenmore washer. I am getting black marks on my light colored clothes
Appliances	Refrigerator and freezer troubleshooting. My refrigerator/freezer, I put the freezer temp.  Knob at the warmest setting and the
Appliances	hotwaterheater has no water presure coming out. I have the Whirlpool NU40T61-403 hotwaterheater that is only 6 months old. I ha
Appliances	Swapping out dryer switch on Stackable Lce462. Had to replace the dryer switch on a Frigidaire LCE462p washer/dryer combo. By t
Appliances	Kenmore elite dw tripping breaker. Had the Sears repairman here who replaced the control board then the outlet pump. Still trip
Appliances	Tumble dryer wiring. I have a White Knight Tumble dryer, and I'm sure the wiring is fairly standard. I am confused as I have ju
Appliances	Sears Help Desk why won't freezer door open now.. hello, i have a 2 hyear oldkenmore refrigerator/freezer. i cam ehome from a t
Appliances	Kenmore Elite dishwasher will not fill with water. Hello - hope someone can help! I have a Kenmore Elite dishwasher ultrawash q
Appliances	wiring a three wire cooktop to a 4 wire plug. I removed a 30 inch jennaire cooktop with an exhaust fan, which had a 4 wire conn
Appliances	rheem water heater troubleshooting. im experiencing a problem with the pilot not staying on, i heard that the thermo coupling c
Appliances	Maytag refrigerator Temp adjustment problem. I have a maytag refrigerator and have to offset the controls to maintain a temp of
Appliances	Kenmore 106.63184302 water in refrigrator back panel not draining. If you open the door of the refrigerator and go to the back 
Appliances	Burner will not light  on a day night furace. Just installed day and night furance I can't get the burner to fire
Appliances	We have purchased a 1997 Champion Mobile Home can we replace gas water heater to elec. This mobile home has all gas appliances 
Appliances	tub springs. i need the part # for the tub springs, please! I bought the washer about 2007 at Sears. Thanks!  Rubie
Appliances	agitator. is the tub suppose to move while the agitator is working? it is a kenmore 110.92281100.  The agitator works fine but 
Appliances	Amana Washer ALW895SAW agitation problem/water leak also. The washer is a top loader.  It started with a whisling sound and I n
Appliances	general controls thermostat model 8-200. This is a 50 year old thermostat. I need the specifications and information on how to 
Appliances	how to connect water valve inlet on samsung fridge rfg297aars. i have a blue and white water line coming down from the top left
Appliances	door left open.....won't run. upright freezer door left ajar for several hours.  food defrosted, light on but compressor not wo
Appliances	when I set my laundry machine to cold water comes out of the hot aswell.. My Amana laundry machine fills from both sides of inl
Appliances	Trane Xl 80. I have a xl80 heater it is set to auto when the heat comes on and gos through all its sickles and the blower comes
Appliances	replacing nipples. when I removed on of the nipples on the of the water heater, the was a black rubber gasket in the hole.  Doe
Appliances	Whirlpool microwave is not heating food. All the other operations work, light goes on, turntable spins, fan works, keypad works
Appliances	GE Refrigerator Model # GSH25JSXLSS quits cooling. I have a Model # GSH25JSXLSS, Serial # LS209162. The Fridge was working fine
Appliances	whirlpool Model #LER3624JQ1 wont shut off. I have a whirlpool Model #LER3624JQ1 and the timer will almost finish its cycle and 
Appliances	kenmore dreyer 80 series free  information. My Kenmore electric dreyer stopped spinning since my son has put his shoes into dry
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Quiet Pak4 Washer Problems. I have a Kenmore Elite Quiet Pak 4 washer that is less than 2 years old. I have been 
Appliances	Dishwasher fills up with water. Whirlpool GU1500XTLQ0  The bottom of the dishwasher fills up with water when it sits. Seems to 
Appliances	Water line between inlet valve and freezer compartment won't run water. I'm stumped on this one. I've spent the past two nights
Appliances	freezer door handle on Whirlpool. I have a loose door handle on my Whirlpool refrigerator.  The lower freezer handle is loose o
Appliances	Kenmore elite he3 Dryer nit heating. My kenmore elite he3 model number 11092826101is not heating. We've checked all the thermos
Appliances	kenmore washer fills and it isnt even on. i got a kenmore front load washer. as soon as i turn the hot water valve supplying th
Appliances	How do I reset Maytag washer error code E01 and F01?. We experienced a power failure during a wash cycle, when electrical power
Appliances	I have a Maytag Neptune GAS Dryer and it is taking a long time for clothes to dry.. I have a Maytag Neptune GAS Dryer and it is
Appliances	Maytag Neptune Gas Dryer not heating. Hi,  I have a Maytag Neptune gas dryer that will not heat all the time. I can hear the so
Appliances	Bosch Dishwasher bottom gasket replacement. I need instructions on how to replace the bottom gasket on a Bosch dishwasher model
Appliances	Where is the piezo ignitor button on a hot water heater?. I need to light my hot water heater.  It has a piezo ignitor button, 
Appliances	Fridge Water In The Back. Sometimes there is accumulation of water in the back of the fridge. it has a non removable drip tray.
Appliances	whirlpool dryer model gew9200lw1. wont start , light working push start button relay clicks and wont start
Appliances	Dryer Problem. Just got the brand new dryer. But is blowing cold air?
Appliances	Maytag refrigerator PSD264LGRW. vent inside freezer icing up restricting airflow to refrigerator causing it not to cool.
Appliances	Lennox Furnace Heater.. I have a Lennox furnace Heater furnace in my house.  The problem is when I open the gas, the furnace li
Appliances	Whirlpool gas Oven Troubleshooting. we have a whirlpool 465 gas stove.  we were baking and noticed that the oven had shutoff an
Appliances	whirlpool dryer squeaking. I have a whirlpool duet dryer that is around 6 or 7 years old. It has started squeaking and thumping
Appliances	Furnace Burner & Fan Will Not Turn Off. Model Ruud UGDA-12EA-GR 1983  The first problem was the fan would run non stop. I was t
Appliances	Bryant Plus 90 furnace blower issue. I have the 350MAV036060 model gas furnace. The blower motor does not come on. LED gives co
Appliances	Brivis Networker NC-2 whole screen flashing. After a power outage of several hours, the whole controller screen is flashing, an
Appliances	Change BDP Thermostat 34427DP117 wiring to Honeywell RTH3100C. I have a BDP Thermostat 34427DP117 that I am trying to replace w
Appliances	Dish Washer & Garbage Disposal. Hello:  I'm going to replace those two items, but do I need to turn the power off at the box be
Appliances	Free Kenmore washer repair manual. [F]Help I am trying to find a free online repair manual for a Kenmore washer for a friend. I
Appliances	reset code for dishwasher touch pad?. I have a Kenmore Ultra Wash dishwasher and the normal wash button will not light up, nor 
Appliances	what do I need to plug in a 208v 1 phase coffee machine. I have an Espresso machine that is 208v 1 phase, what are the electric
Appliances	Whirlpool Washing Machine Leaves Clothes Wet At End Of Cycle/Coin Operated Top Load. I also posted this in another thread from 
Appliances	Kenmore Washer power will not come on.. My Kenmore washer stopped either in the middle of a cycle or at the end (I'm not sure).
Appliances	Kitchenaid Dishwasher KUDP01FLSS2: motor humming during cycle. I took the motor out and cleaned everything out (thinking maybe 
Appliances	whirlpool senseon dryer control panel will not light up. whirlpool senseon dryer control panel will not light up, the dryer wil
Appliances	DeHumidifier....... We've just picked up a Used Dehumidifier manufactured in 2007..From the Sticker behind the Reservoir it's a
Appliances	garbage disposal. i have a penny that stop my disposal from spinning, it is in between the teeth and wall, well i tryed and try
Appliances	I have a kenmore dishware 665.74363k2 and a screw fell down into the drain.. screw fell into drain thru one of the little slots
Appliances	Hampton Bay diagram for pull chain switch. Removed pull chain switch and forgot to write down wire position on 4 wire, 3 speed 
Appliances	Slow movement of hunter fan. I bought a hunter ceiling fan from the US but despite the fact that i have a 110 volt line, the fa
Appliances	Flow rate diminished in Grohe kitchen faucet.. Re Grohe single lever kitchen faucet. The hot water flow rate has reduced - the 
Appliances	bradford white water heaters pilot burner. pilot burner went out .we replaced the thermocouple .hot water tank worked fine for 
Appliances	Whirlpool Gold GE/GX 9868J dryer: no lights, no sounds. I have a Whirlpool Gold with Senseon model GE/GX 9868J dryer. It is abo
Appliances	i hav a tc-p50c2 push button no nothin no response. i hv a panasonic tc-p50ce  push power no response at all no even a led ligh
Appliances	Side by side frigidaire not cooling enough.. Freezer door got stuck open on a box of corn dogs for about 7 hours on a 90 degree
Appliances	GE Profile refrigerator (PFSS9PKYASS) Blinking 88. My GE Profile refrigerator (PFSS9PKYASS)has the blinking display showing 86/
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer Troubleshooting. I have a Kenmore Elite Washer that I neen to remove the tub in order to remove something 
Appliances	Frigidaire glws1233as2 will not drain water?. I can hear what I think is the relay next to the timer clicking once or twice as 
Appliances	whirlpool hot water heater pilot turns off. My Whirlpool Hot Water Heater, turned 3 years old in October of 2012, does somethin
Appliances	My luxaire furnance pressure switch close open. what do I do to correct the pressure switch open problem on my furnance
Appliances	sears appaliance problem. Maytag Model MDGG400AWW gas dryer won't run.  the light in the tumbler is on. The first time I had to
Appliances	Admiral electric dryer. The dryer started not working on some cycles then quit on all fuse element is good power is good thermo
Appliances	whirlpool duet washer error codes. Whirlpool Duet Washer - Giving F error code. Doesn't seem to drain out. I hit cancel and res
Appliances	Fridge - Drain Pan. Does anyone know how to clean a non-removable drain pan at the back of the fridge.  It is very hard to get 
Appliances	need a download of owners manual for kenmore vacuum cleaner model 1162801570. where can I get a download of owners manual for k
Appliances	Maytag Ice2o ice maker problem. We have a Magtag Ice2O with the ice maker in the fridge, model MFI2568AES, purchased in 2007.  
Appliances	Duet gas dryer ggw9250pw3. The igniter turns on but I don't always get the flame one every 10 times and when the flame comes on
Appliances	Maytag LAT9605AAE leaks water. Hi, My Maytag LAT9605AAE just started leaking water out of the back of the tub when it is adding
Appliances	I have a Kenmore Dishwasher it will not run through the cycles. I have a dishwasher  mod# 665.13832K600 that is not running thr
Appliances	washing machine spins at half speed. clothes are still wet. Whirlpool top load washing machine. It spins at half speed and clot
Appliances	Caloric Gas Stove  set the clock and timer will not shut off help please. would like to know how to shut off the timer, i set t
Appliances	Problem with maytag ice maker and water in the door not working. I have a maytag refrigerator the ice maker and water in the do
Appliances	Dishwasher leaking after cycle completed. Hi:  I have an older model GE dishwasher profile series that is leaking after the dry
Appliances	ultra wash quietguard 4 buzzed after filled. Kenmore Ultra  Wash QuietGuard 4 buzzes after it fills and then just stops. Just p
Appliances	kenmore elite quite pak9. Control panel goes on and off with different settings going off and on . Sometimes works most times n
Appliances	Dryer stuck on control locked. How do I get it off of the control locked
Appliances	Washer need a starter push to spin!. The agitation cycles seem to operate properly but when it comes to the spin cycles the wat
Appliances	Will a Craftsman keypad model#139.53684 work with a Chamberlain garage door#HD200CD?. Will a Craftsman keypad Model#139.53684 w
Appliances	washing machine category -- Whirlpool manual. Looking for (Model: WTW8200YWO)  Whirlpool service manual, not operating manual. 
Appliances	washer booms during spin cycle in warm weather. washer works fine in cold weather. in warm weather the spin cycle causes boomin
Appliances	need to know if fan can be outdoors. Can new orleans model 84983 be usedout doors
Appliances	Dryer size DBSR453EB2WW?. What is the capacity of my dryer?
Appliances	Roper Dryer Thermal Fuse. How do I get to the thermal fuse and the heating elements in a roper electric dryer?
Appliances	Troubleshoot sleep number bed. When I try to inflate my sleep number bed, I get E0 on the control module.  It does not inflate
Appliances	Freezer Troubleshooting. my kyoto frost free upright freezer 13 years old never switches off even when turned down to alow sett
Appliances	recoil starter rope replacement on sears  snow thrower. I have replaced the cord on the recoil starter however the cord will no
Appliances	Dishwasher doesn't drain. I bought a used GE dishwasher on craigslist (I use one seldom) and it doesn't drain.  My friend who i
Appliances	how do i replace the on off switch on my husky power washer 1750. My 1750 husky power washer needs a new on off switch how do I
Appliances	panasonic tv. my panasonic tv wont turn on. I press the power button and it just clicks and shuts off.
Appliances	I want a replacement freezer door interior panel (white) that holds the baskets.. Can anyone please advise where I can buy the 
Appliances	moisture / mold problems with hvac system. My mother had a Trane 3 ton 16 seer system installed about 2 years ago.  She lives i
Appliances	affinity dryer. My Dryer is squeeling very loud. I assume it is the rear drum bearing but not 100 percent positive, although th
Appliances	repair a gas fireplace problem myself. We have a gas fireplace inside It's 11 years old and really works just fine. I have to t
Appliances	Why does my whirlpool gas dryer stop heating?. After about 20 minutes in use my whirlpool gas dryer stops heating, why is it do
Appliances	Kitchenaid dishwasher. How do I turn off the flashing sanitized clean button
Appliances	Error code F 01 on Whirlpool Duet Washer. Whirlpool Washer will not run... Error code F 01 ?
Appliances	How do I troubleshoot GEWSSE4220A0WW washing machine undrain problem?. My washing machine stop functioning when the knob moves 
Appliances	Roper dryer will not heat up. Roper dryer will not heat up. It blows air and turns just will not heat. I put a new heating elem
Appliances	i have a kenmore 80 series that has oil leaking from it what could be the problem?. i just replaced the coupling on kenmore 80 
Appliances	suggestion on conventional top load washing machine purchase. Old washer gave up the ghost.  Need new one.   Will absolutely no
Appliances	garage door not opening. Garage door motor runs for a second and stops but door doesn't lift.  Cables and torsion spring look g
Appliances	Thermal fuse location on Kenmore Elite Dryer. Kenmoore Elite Dryer Smartheart HE. Quest AK9
Appliances	water continues to run, will not start cycle. my washer continues to run water, will not fill up will not start cycle
Appliances	Kenmore elite dryer won't heat.  The epic journey.. Hi everyone,  I have a Kenmore elite model 110.20922990 that works quite we
Appliances	A 1927 white family rotary sewing machine. A 1927 white rotary sewing machine good condition,i will like toseller dont know how
Appliances	GE side by side refrigerator; frost-free freezer freezes up causing fridge to warm. We have a GE frost-free side by side refrig
Appliances	glowing/flickering flame like light coming from under the gas dryer. I have a Kenmore gas dryer. We noticed a flicker/flame lik
Appliances	Fix Kenmore front load washer w/ error code E14?. Have a 2009 Kenmore Super Capacity 3.5 front load washing machine model 41748
Appliances	Whirlpool Washing Machine Spin slow and make noise. my whirlpool washing machine Model # LXR7144EQ0 spin slow and make knocking
Appliances	wire an 220-240 electrical outlet for a oven. i need to connect a electric oven 208v 1 phase 2 wire + gnd and i dont have a 22
Appliances	I have a Maytag MTB2155BR refrigerator. The freezer section is not cooling properly.. The refrigerator section is a little warm
Appliances	maytag side by side refrigerator, water leaking from freezer. we have a continous small leak from the freezer, but it appears t
Appliances	my duet washer says HS on the screen. my duet washer says HS on the screen. what does this mean?
Appliances	Whirlpool gold catalyst error code 8. Whirlpool gold catalyst displays error code 8. This is like 8 min remaining to finish the
Appliances	wiring diagram for a kenmore refridgerator model # 3639530713. wiring diagram for a kenmore refridgerator model # 3639530713
Appliances	Kenmore Series 70 Washer, Model 110.24712300 SM 9711031A. My washer is leaking from the bottom when wash cycle is started. Fill
Appliances	dryer continues when door is opened. The dryer continues running when door is opened.
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra Wash Diswasher. Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash dishwasher starts normally, then shifts to Cancel/ Drain within a few mi
Appliances	State water heaters  model#gs650y0ct. hello i am having trouble with a state water heater model#GS650Y0CT no hot water can you 
Appliances	Kenmore Electric Dryer no heat and does not stop running. Hi, New thing for me, but I'm at the end of my rope.  I've read all t
Appliances	defrost heater. I have a kitchen aid refrig model ksrp25fnss00. The evep, coil keep frosting up. The heater coil was tested ok.
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer Troubleshooting. how do u fix the basket if its off balance
Appliances	maytag refrigerator bottom freezer problems. We have a Maytag refrigerator with a bottom freezer.  The bottom freezer is not fr
Appliances	kenmore dishwasher flashing clean light. I have a kenmore dishwasher that won't stop flashing clean.  It is a Quietguard 4.
Appliances	ice build up in the  freezer of my maytag refrigerator. I have a maytag refrigerator we bought in May of 2012 (warranty expired
Appliances	Kenmore 70 series washing machine. I have a kenmore 70 series washing machine, the machine will not agitate, or when it does it
Appliances	dryer won\'t start burning smell. I have a Maytag Performa Dryer.  It is about 10 years old.  It wouldn't turn on, but when I h
Appliances	Kenmore Dryer Parts Diagram. Kenmore Dryer F71127663  / Model 76784100  If heating element - need part number and diagram / dir
Appliances	Installation of water dispenser heater in GE SS refrigerators. The freezing occurred only occasionally, for me, and I think coi
Appliances	Kenmore Model 665 Dishwasher. My Lock On light will not go out and the machine won't start. I have tried holding the No Heat
Appliances	kenmore washer hot water fills slow. Hot water fills very slow. Line is not plugged. Filter at inlet looks very clean. Any idea
Appliances	GE Side by Side Freezer coils frozen up. I have a 3 year old side by side Fridge Freezer, our problem has just happened twice. 
Appliances	Maytag model mbf2258xew4 freezer has frost on parts and items in it. Maytag MBF2258XEWA REFRIGERATOR BOTTOM MOUNT FREEZER HAS F
Appliances	Samsung Fridge stops cooling. Samsung RB2155BB  stops cooling after about 8 hours of working fine I have to un plug and replug 
Appliances	GE Oven Power Cord Attachment Screw Size?. Hey everybody!   Ok, I have an older GE Oven, model number jbs030k1ad.  The power co
Appliances	Goodman Furnace issues. I have a Goodman furnace(GDS80453ANA) in my rental house (6 yrs old).  It runs great and has for the 6 
Appliances	Opening the front panel of Maytag washer. Does the front panel of Maytag washer MAV5000AWW open so I can get to the plastic hos
Appliances	KitchenAid dishwasher Wash arm won't come loose, noisy dishwasher. I'm trying to figure out why my Kitchenaid Dishwasher, model
Appliances	kenmore dryer model 110 no heat. I do have heat....but the clothes take twice as long to dry. Does this sound like a t-stat pro
Appliances	Kenmore Model 665 Dishwasher. Our Kenmore 665 dishwasher has run reliably for years.  Recently, water started to come out of th
Appliances	frigidaire washer machine agitates but wont spin. washer does everything except when its time for the spin cycle, the motor mak
Appliances	Refrigerator Water Dispenser. I have a GE side-by-side fridge - model GSS25LGMB WW.  The ice maker works fine - so I know the w
Appliances	Rainsoft Water Softener: Manual Regeneration. I just purchased a rainsoft water softener and let the salt run low so there was 
Appliances	kudk03ltbs2 washing machine lights blinking. the washing machine  KitchenAid model number is Kudk 03 ITBS2. the lights blinks w
Appliances	Maytag Performance. It will agitate but won't spin.  It will spin sometimes on the pre soak settings or the extra rinse cycle. 
Appliances	GE Washer Troubleshooting: cold water pressure problem. The cold water to my washing machine runs in a stream the size of a pen
Appliances	codes for kenmore 417 48102701. does anyone have codes for washer above ?
Appliances	kenmore elite dryer runs with door closed and no heat 110 60954990. Our dryer model referenced in the title stopped working cor
Appliances	Hampton bay ceiling fan remote. We have missplaced our remote for ceiling fan. Fan will not work. Have another remote for other
Appliances	kenmore 110 88732792 washer won't drain. how can I fix my Kenmore washer/dryer combo 110 88732792 so it will drain?
Appliances	New Whirlpool Dryer Problem. I recently purchase a new Whirlpool washer and dryer.  1. Upon delivery the dryer wouldn
Appliances	thermal fuse maytag. Replaced the thermal fuse...as soon as i turned the breaker on and started the time the breaker tripped an
Appliances	I have a wilson rotary sewing machine. No model number,electric. Does anybody know an. I have a wilson rotary sewing machine. M
Appliances	fridge compressor won't restart. hey guys Samsung RB2155BB compressor still runs after fridge is satisfied, then shuts down and
Appliances	dryer keeps blowing thermal cutoff so there is no heat and vent is not blocked. dryer keeps blowing thermal cutoffs so there is
Appliances	whirlpool washer wtw4800XQ0 after wash cycle is complete leaves clothes still wet. wtw4800xq0 model whirlpool leaves clothes to
Appliances	clean light on my kenmore dishwasher is flashing. I have a Kenmore Ultra dishwasher and the clean light is flashing. The model 
Appliances	kenmore washer in spin cycle will not start w/o manual spin help. We have a Kenmore 70 series 110-26732500 that will fill for w
Appliances	kirkland signature dryer by whirlpool. My Kirkland dryer is heating up and tumbling but is not blowing the air out the vents an
Appliances	fridge not cooling nor is the top of freezer. The coils are not frozen, and there is no dust, the only fan I can see is working
Appliances	hotpoint wall oven cat no. The name plate for my older Hotpoint wall oven only has a cat no and a serial no.  How do I find a m
Appliances	My Kenmore Elite he4 won't start. I have a kenmore Elite HE4 - Smartheat Quietpak9 dryer just over a year old. It lights up and
Appliances	GE Profile Arctica PSS29nhmbb tapping. My Arctica Refrigerator had a leak from the water supply cables. These were changed. Whi
Appliances	Adapt a 5/8 flare gas supply to standard dryer 1/2 line. I bought a dryer.  it came with a 1/2 OD , 1/2 MIP x 3/8 FIP 48 
Appliances	Gas Dryer problems. I have a GE Gas Dryer about 10 years old. It was making noise so I took it apart and replaced the Rear Bear
Appliances	Bradford White waterheater. I have a Bradford White waterheater and I can lite the pilot and it will stay on until the burner l
Appliances	state select water heater won't light. replaced the thermo coupler still won't light.  good spark to. I can't even hear gas com
Appliances	zigzag stitch. Why is my zigzag stitch coming out on the bottom?
Appliances	Maytag Washer Tl. My washer stop after Wash cycle, doese not go to Rinse & Spin Cycle, Any solution
Appliances	Refrigerator. Hello!  My 10 year old refridgerator was making knocking noises.  I understood this to be the condenser.  I bou
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash dishwasher not pumping water. I recently took apart my dishwasher to clean all of the build up inside. After
Appliances	where is reset button for sears model 41744052401. washer lights come on and when I push the start button washer clicks as thou
Appliances	state select electric water heater. I have a State Select electric water heater (M/N ES630DOLSG) that was not heating water. Th
Appliances	maytag model #mzd2768ge in door ice dispenser. Our side by side Maytag mzd2768 problem with the ice discharge in the door. the 
Appliances	refrigerator fan motor adl5846amea. I had techs renew condenser fan that had stopped.  They left with papers.  I find that ther
Appliances	Maytag 35-5369 does not spin.. Motor and belt and tub pulley are all spinning/moving but tub does not spin.  Is there a clutch 
Appliances	maytag french door ref defrost problem. Mff2558vew2 how to get in to dianostic mode to force defrost
Appliances	Luxaire heat pump nz. Hi I have luxaire heat pump Since yesterday it displaying E2 in place of temp.  Can someone guide me the 
Appliances	Whirlpool refrigerator not cooling. My Whirlpool side by side is about 5 years old.  I put it in storage for 9 months and have 
Appliances	Thermostat issues - heat won't turn off. I have had a Honeywell FocusPro TH5000 installed professionally for about 3 months. It
Appliances	Kenmore 70 series Washer Model 110 not agitating or spinning. I recently replaced the motor coupling and the washer agitated no
Appliances	Gas dryer won't run. I have a Kenmore gas dryer.   I have power to the control panel, but when I hit the start button, nothing 
Appliances	Troubleshooting 465 Whirlpool gas oven?. Hi, we have a whirlpool 465 gas stove and the oven is not lighting.  The top burners l
Appliances	Goodman gas furnace will not ignite.. I have a Goodman gas furnace. The furnace turns on and the gas is fine but the ignitor do
Appliances	Vitamix vs Mega Ninja? Which high powered Blender?. I'm thinking of getting one of those High Powered blenders for making those
Appliances	ge oven not working. I have a GE oven model JSP28GOT1BB, the stove works but the oven does not. The timer and clock both work b
Appliances	My Fan motor won't shut off.... I have an Amana central ac unit and the fan motor won't shut off, just replaced and installed n
Appliances	My Kenmore 110 dryer 92832100 ignitor is not coming, subsequently the gas valve is no. My Kenmore 110 dryer 92832100 ignitor is
Appliances	my panasonic 36 hdtv will not come on.. Panasonic 36 Tau hdtv 108i will act like it's coming on, but when it makes the sound 
Appliances	Frigidaire RCDG-71P. I am looking for one of the small  burners on my  stove   I believe my stove was purchased new in 1969 or 
Appliances	frigidaire model fex831fs1. this is a stacked washer and dryer center.the washer will not agitate. it goes through the cycles f
Appliances	GE Refridgerator GSS25WGPD BB won't dispense water. GE Refridgerator model #GSS25WGPD BB won't dispense water.
Appliances	Smelly Kenmore Fridge - How do I access/clean the pan drain?. I have a bottom freezer Kenmore Fridge (model 59661862101) and a 
Appliances	Ice maker. Moved refridgerator from one location to another did not hook water up when we plugged unit in for a couple of weeks
Appliances	amana dryer. my amana electric dryer has been taking a long time to dry and it just quit in the middle of a cycle. when i push 
Appliances	my washer sometimes leeks water from the button what can I do. My washer sometime leeks water from the button what can I do?
Appliances	Kenmore Elite dishwasher start button blinks does not start. The washer does not start. The start button light keeps blinking g
Appliances	kenmore elite ultra wash dishwasher problems. I have a Kenmore Elite Ultra Quiet Guard 7 dishwasher that the clean light keep
Appliances	what do I do if my washer model number 24422300 is not spinning or draining. my washer (model number 24422300) appeared to be w
Appliances	the door lock message comes on twice then the error code sud comes up. The door locks and then unlocks and then it locks again 
Appliances	Igniter. After a recent storm my igniter will not work on stove top or oven
Appliances	Why does my Amana dryer make a high pitch squeal when it is running?. Whenever I start my dryer it squeals and than after awhil
Appliances	hampton bay ceiling fan remote. I have a hampton bay ceiling fan with remote,installed it month and a half ago and was working 
Appliances	My AC unit is blowing warm air, how do I fix it?. Is there a way to fix my AC Unit without calling a technician?
Appliances	Gas range cannot be pushed flush with wall. We just bought a new gas range with a double oven.  It cannot be pushed back to the
Appliances	Kenmore Elite he3 Dryer. My Kenmore Elite he3 electric dryer does not heat up. The Check Lint Screen light stays on even thou
Appliances	Kenmore washer not working at all?!. We have a Kenmore model 110.20022011 washer. Had to stop it during wash cycle to add somet
Appliances	how to reset the burner control on a honeywell. I have a whirlpool water heater with a honeywell burner control valve.  I hear 
Appliances	water enters washer after cycle completed. My front-end-load clothes washer works fine but after the cycle is completed water w
Appliances	maytag ice maker troubleshooting. I have a Maytag 25 Cubic Ft refrigerator freezer on the bottom. Model # MFD 2561 HEQ The ice 
Appliances	maytag fridge not cooling model mff258veb4. The freezer stays cold the fridge is warm.
Appliances	Blinking Clean light won't go off. Someone opened dishwasher during dry cycle and apparently someone hit the Heated Dry cycle a
Appliances	Water leaks from water heater flue. Found a large puddle in the kitchen this evening. Water was dripping from the flue atop my 
Appliances	maytag ice maker problems. I have a Maytag refrig model MSD2654GRQ that I recently replaced the water filter. My icemaker has s
Appliances	No air from vents central a/c unit. Our unit has been cooling less&less.  This afternoon it seemed to warm inside-it had been a
Appliances	how to program rain soft water softener model ho7932. just installed a home water softener, need instructions on how to program
Appliances	Singer Sewing Machines Dates of Manufacture. I like to know the manufacturing date of a Singer  with a serial number G1774499
Appliances	Maytag Dryer runs but no heat. Our Maytag Dryer (model # LDE482, series 05) runs but there is no heat.  It was heating a few da
Appliances	Is there a reset button on a maytag dishwasher model MDBH970AWH. I opened my dishwasher to empty it before the drying cycle was
Appliances	Harbor Breeze ceiling fan. I put 4 each 60 watt light bulbs in my ceiling fan and didn't realize that I should use only 4 each 
Appliances	dryer wont start but sensor button keep moveing. Dryer wont start but sensor button moves whats going on with my cabrlo whirlpo
Appliances	Hot Water Tank / Temp. set to High..... We recently had our Hot Water Tank replaced...We draw from a Well , the water is Hard a
Appliances	mixmaster model 10 runs full speed with new cap and resistor. Bought a model 10 mixmaster worked fine all speeds/suddenly while
Appliances	Frigidaire side by side freezer coils are frosting up. Frigidaire side by side frost free freezer coils are freezing up and the
Appliances	treadle. The Jackson Treadle Sewing Machine.    I can not find any information on it.  Is anyone familiar with this machine?   
Appliances	Powerpoint Refridgerator. I bought a PowerPoint Fridge yesterday from SoundStore and last night decided to have a look at the u
Appliances	Maytag Freezer Repair. We have a Maytag Model # MSD24***R side by side refrigerator. Ice forms on the bottom of the freezer and
Appliances	why does my whirlpool du1055xtvq dishwasher keep stop filling. I have read the tech sheet and tried every one of the possible c
Appliances	whirlpool gas range parts.. does anyone know where i can order used whirlpool gas range repair parts ,without having to takev o
Appliances	GE refrigerator water dispenser. I was searching your site for answers to my GE side by side refrigerator water dispenser.  The
Appliances	whirlpool duet washer error code SUD. Our Whirlpool duet washer sometimes shows error code SUD and sometimes F-35. We cleaned o
Appliances	What does the code f1 mean?. The dryer has power to it but when I hit the start button the code f1shows?
Appliances	HE washer code F21. We removed the pump, cleaned it, checked it getting 11.9 ohms, still getting code F21
Appliances	how to replace the baking heating element on a maytag performa model per5750qas. Inside the oven you have the roasting element 
Appliances	Kenmore dishwasher not working. Have a Kenmore Ultra Wash Quiet Guard 3 dishwasher with a blinking normal wash red light.  Can'
Appliances	Danby Wine Cooler, On the Fritz...... We have a Danby Wine Cooler , model # DWC620BL-SC...It was Mfg. 2007 It was Originally a 
Appliances	Maytag MDE3500AYW loud squeaking noise. My Maytag dryer model MDE3500AYW is making a loud squeaking noise. What could be causin
Appliances	kenmore dryer. What is the problem when your kenmore dryer will turn sometimes and stop mid-turn and will not get hot
Appliances	maytag dryer model PYET244AYW burning odor. The thermal fuse located on the side of the thermal unit housing recently popped.  
Appliances	Fan Switch. I am replacing a 3 speed 4 wire fan switch with one I bought from Lowes. I connected the wires in the same numbers 
Appliances	washer will not hold water after wash cycle. After completing wash-drain cycle the water begins to run in, but the pump is stil
Appliances	Contact Joy Mangano. Dear Joy Mangano I bought a Close Drier that you invented and sol at HSN. They no longer sell it and the o
Appliances	why hrc fuse not used for low voltage circuits ?. HRC fuse is generally used for medium voltage circuits,what are the reasons f
Appliances	new thru the wall a/c installed with bolted in a/c  sleeve cover still in place?. hi,  i live in a tower building and many peop
Appliances	Dryer doesn't heat but runs. Dryer operated for 2 or more hours with heavy rugs inside (error), never dried rugs. Now doesn't d
Appliances	Reset controls for Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash. My DW seems to be stuck on Normal. Heated Dry.  Cancel/Drain Works. Start/Resume w
Appliances	Maytag dryer MDE5500AYW sticks at 20 min in the Auto Dry & is hot! Works in Time mode. Maytag dryer MDE5500AYW sticks at 20 min
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash dishwasher stopped during cycle no lights. My kenmore ultra wash dishwasher stopped during cycle. There are 
Appliances	vendor number 445993. Have Hampton Bay Delano ceiling fan, need a remote for it. UPC # 718212047927 Model # AC-522A Sku# 312-57
Appliances	kitchenaid dishwasher lights flashing. the clean light on the dishwasher blinks 7 times in a raw wih bottoms, i should press 
Appliances	whirlpool Model MH1150XM removal. My old Microwave died. How would one remove this. It is Mounted above the stove. I noticed a 
Appliances	PLEASE..where is the timer on my frig. please..have a  hotpoint  side  by  side... h s s 251f md ww  maybe  10 yrs old or more 
Appliances	Kenmore Series 600 Dryer. So to start off, we are having no problems actually drying our clothes - they come out dry as usual. 
Appliances	Bad smell problem - please help. I feel like crying because we can't get rid of this smell in the house and it is driving us cr
Appliances	GE replacement ice maker. I just bought a replacement ice maker for GE refrigerator PTS18SHSSS. The replacement ice maker is IM
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash 665 won't start. All fo a sudden, the door of out 2 year old Kenmore Ultrawash wouldn't shut with ease. We h
Appliances	kenmore elite ultra wash dishwasher troubleshooting. Kenmore Elite Ultra Wash Dishwasher  doesnt start.  Will set what is neede
Appliances	Inglis dryer (model TO-84100) squeaking. Hi, I have an older Inglis dryer model TO-84100 and it started squeaking really bad bu
Appliances	my burner flame will not stay lit. After I light the pilot on my GE water heater and turn up the gas the burner kicks on for a 
Appliances	The sound in my Bush TV stopped suddenly. What should I do to make it work?. The sound in my Bush TV stopped suddenly after usi
Appliances	How to switch on my AC, without Remote Control device?. I have a VERTIS Classic AC (A TATA product), but I lost its remote cont
Appliances	Squeaky dryer - Kenmore Stackable. My 10 year old Kenmore stackable dryer unit has been squeaking loudly for about 3 weeks.  It
Appliances	my front load washer sounds like a lot water inside under drum is that normal. I have a Kenmore quiet pak2 front load washer. W
Appliances	Is there any 'defect' in my mobile phone?. I have xperia / Sony mobile phone, which I purchased one month back, from a shop, @R
Appliances	help with Westinghouse dryer. Ok i have a white.Westinghouse house dryer had since 2005. I have replaced bearings and now in th
Appliances	Dryer stops mid-cycle (Model DPVH880GJ0WW ). Dryer stops mid-cycle (Model DPVH880GJ0WW )  Dryer runs for about 15min and then s
Appliances	propane hot water tank won't stay lit. the pilot light lights fine with a nice blue flame, but as soon as I let up on the pilot
Appliances	ge spacemaker washer. stops so abruptly when done spin cycle it rotates the hole machine an pulls off water level tube at the c
Appliances	Kirkland Signature Clothes Washer by Whirlpool appears to have lost all power to it.. The Whirlpool washer suddenly stopped and
Appliances	Free repair manual on line for Kenmore washing machine. I am looking for a manual for the 90 series Kenmore washing machine.
Appliances	kenmore washer. Where do I find the model number on my Kenmore washer?
Appliances	fault on whirlpool integrated dishwasher.. when i start my dishwasher it pumps out fills with water and starts the cycle and ru
Appliances	Age of Caloric range - Heritage Series. Please help with the age of my gas range.  Caloric Heritage Series  Model and Serial nu
Appliances	Error code for Whirlpool Duet. I am getting an F15 code on my Duet washer
Appliances	can a electric range butt up to a capped gasline. We installed a new electric range which is butting up to a capped gasline. Is
Appliances	Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher flashing clean light needs to be reset. We paid a Sears repairman to come out when we had a fla
Appliances	Kenmore Elite King Size Washer. The sticker with the model number for my Kenmore Elite King Size Washer has fallen off somehow.
Appliances	kenmore dishwasher falt codes. My dishwasher has the green clean light staying on and when I try to run it it flashes red light
Appliances	kenmore elite gas dryer model 110 70092991 heats up then turns off?. I got a Kenmore Elite elctronic panel dyer.  It heats up a
Appliances	white sewing machine serial number date. I have a White treadle sewing machine serial number fr418261.  Is there a way to find 
Appliances	drains sometimes. I have a five years old kitchenaid dishwasher that leaves water the in the bottom  sometimes.  I have replace
Appliances	whirlpool convection oven. How can I tell if the convection feature is working on my new gas range?  Last night I baked two fro
Appliances	Whirlpool self cleaning wall oven. after the oven went through the self cleaning cycle the control panel went blank and I canno
Appliances	ge dishwasher. Old GE dishwasher....OK when washer machine runs it backs up to kitchen sink and fills dishwasher..all 3 aligned
Appliances	ge profile xl1800 microwave are the installation screws metric. what type screws do I need to install my GE profile spacemaker 
Appliances	screeching dryer. I have a 4 year old Maytag 5000 MCT Series front load dryer. It started screeching but I.m told it stopped af
Appliances	Spoon stuck in garbage disposal. Hello. Can anyone please give me advice on how to remove my spoon from the garbage disposal? I
Appliances	Rheem rpka-030 jaz defrost control board, any alternatives?. Rheem rpka-030 jaz defrost control board, Having a hard time findi
Appliances	what causes problems  dometic fridge not getting cold. what can cause my rv dometic fridge model # rm 7732 not to get cold
Appliances	can i change a three wire electric stove top element to a 2 prong element?. I have a GE electric cooktop that I cannot find a m
Appliances	dirt in dryer. Dryer has wooshing sound and sqeak - where would wooshing sound come from.  Sounds like dirt in dryer....
Appliances	kenmore he3 dryer wont heat.  blows fine. all sensors and elements check good. just checked the outlet.  looks like i get 124 f
Appliances	replacing gas control valve. Need directions on how to replace gas control valve on a Whirlpool water heater
Appliances	squeaks during spin cycle. Frigidaire Crown Heavy Duty Stack Washer and Dryer Model # FLEB43RGS3   Squeaks during spin cycle un
Appliances	kenmore help line. I have a kenmore stove model# 362.72768890 my oven is not lighing is there a pilot light on this oven? I did
Appliances	ceiling fan problem. I bought 2 hunter ceiling fans model # 20593 with remote. After 6 months the speed slowed in all 3 positio
Appliances	Kenmore elite 16263400 in which the arm under the upper drawer is not spinning during. Kenmore elite 16263400 in which the arm 
Appliances	No water coming into my samsung dishwasher. I had my kitchen redone a few days ago, now my dishwasher runs, but no water will a
Appliances	replace a microwave over the stove.. Is it possible for a novice to take out an over-the-range microwave and install a new one,
Appliances	How can I unlock the control lock on my Kenmore washer?. How can I unlock the control lock on my Ken,ore washer?
Appliances	kenmore series 90 dryer how to check for continuity?. How do I check for continuity on a Kenmore 90 series dryer (model 110.669
Appliances	loud grinding noise. Kenmore model LA5530xKWOmakes terrible npise when agitating. Works good, just terrible npise & I know some
Appliances	Are these signs of a dying refrigerator?. I have a Sears Kenmore Side by Side refrigerator (model # 106.50522101) that has re
Appliances	Gasket Modification?. Hi, I have a Kenmore garbage disposal model 60514... I need to replace the gasket for the tailpipe.  I bo
Appliances	No 24 at gas valve. T stat call for heat,Inducer motor on, hot surface ignitor on ,but no gas coming to gas valve. Check with m
Appliances	Washing Machine Overflows. My washing machine, Kenmore model # 110.49722991 (apartment size) doesn't sense how much water is in
Appliances	America Standard water heater pilot won't light up. Hi,  My 9 month old America Standard water heater Model:G-40T2-3-6 NAT is n
Appliances	GSH25JFXJCC Ref. My refrigerator stops producing ice every once in a while. It seams that the line supplying water freezes in t
Appliances	Capitol sewing machine model # 666. I need a manual for a Capitol Sewing Machine model # 666
Appliances	Green Ground Wire. I had an electrician put in a 30 amp fuse and run the 10 amp (I believe) to where the washer dryer was going
Appliances	Dishwasher stopped working kenmore model 665.1369. Not sure what happen but before today was working fine I think my little boy
Appliances	GE Icemaker not producing ice and also tripping fuse. Hi, I have an Australian version GE side by side Refrisgerator GSG25MISAF
Appliances	ice maker not making ice. we have a maytag performa PSD267LHES side by side.  the ice maker was removed to try & figure out why
Appliances	Panasonic TH42PZ80U Won't turn on, just blinking red light. I have tried unplugging and plugging back in with no success. This 
Appliances	Door adjustment on GE Model GSS23SGSBSS. When we open our refrigerator door half way, it continues to swing out and crash into 
Appliances	triton showers T70XR. My t70xr triton shower is dripping  from were the shower hose meet the shower unit.
Appliances	My dryer has stopped drying. It runs but does not heat.. i have a maytag performa model pyet244ayw and it has stopped heating. 
Appliances	chest freezers. What is the average expected lifespan of a 20 cubic foot chest freezer?
Appliances	Control/locked. Is there a way I may correct this or does a repair person need to be called? Washer last used two days ago and 
Appliances	my kenmore 90052 won't heat up, what is wrong?. my kenmore dryer model 90052 runs ok, but does not heat up. can you give me the
Appliances	belt routing for a SABRE RIDING JOHN DEERE 1646 LAWNMOWER. I have a john deere sabre riding lawn mower model 1646 and i need to
Appliances	Dryer stopped in mid cycle and won't start back up.. I have an electric Kenmore Elite dryer, that quit after about 10 mins into
Appliances	HQCO gas fire forced air heater. opened up heater it sparkes and lights a pilot but not the burners it trys multiple times but 
Appliances	Replace Belt on Washing Machine. I have an Amana top loading washing machine that has a broken belt. Took off front panel. What
Appliances	kenmore elite dishwasher flashing complete four times. My Kenmore elite dishwasher will not run, flashing complete 4 times ov
Appliances	whirlpool help desk. I purchased the Whirlpool Duet Washer.  I utilized the Soak cycle, and left the clothes in the washer over
Appliances	regulator on hot water tanks freezes. a few days ago realized i had no hot water, called our gas and electric service and they 
Appliances	Seth Thomas Ship Clock stopped working. I was trying to reset the chime sync on my Seth Thomas Ship Clock (no. 8 Mayflower); ho
Appliances	Washing machine. I have a Kenmore Elite Quiet-pack 4. We left for vacation and I turned the hose valves off. When we returned I
Appliances	black evaporator behind the back panel sub zero. Hello,  I have frost forming on the back wall of my sub zero 511. the freezer 
Appliances	Gas stove. Two of my gas burners do not light  I can hear the electric igniter and smell the gas What do I need to do?
Appliances	low voltage wire to heating element gets hot and melts the wire and burns wire into.. where low voltage wire from sequencer plu
Appliances	Maytag dryer squeaking. I have a Maytag LDE9606ACE. It is 16 years old but not used often as it is a weekend home. Just recentl
Appliances	is 30 amps of service enough to power a fridge. we just bought a house that we are fixing up. we are switching from 100 amp ser
Appliances	Insinkerator pro 17. I have a insinkerator pro 17 disposal, it works but once I shut it off it wont turn back on , it just humm
Appliances	blinking 'normal wash' light on kenmore dishwasher 665.17363301. Model #: 665.17363301  This morning the 'normal wash' light st
Appliances	Dryer Vent Hose seal. The dryer vent hose to the outside, has a small gap between the hose and the cement block. What is a good
Appliances	Hampton Bay Ceiling fan/light fixture. I've a Hampton Bay ceiling fan/light combo and the chain that controls the lights broke 
Appliances	Part number. where, on the internet, can I find the blower motor part number on a7700B Coleman furnace?
Appliances	GE Refrigerator - Flap on ice maker keeps opening and closing. Model PFSS6PKXSS The refrigerator and freezer work fine.  The ic
Appliances	Kenmore elite. My dishwasher is plugged in and there is power going to the plug, but I am not getting any lights or anything on
Appliances	electric hot water heater. where is the vacation setting at
Appliances	Why does my sleep number bed take up to 10 min to get to correct number?. The compressor will start and stop over 25 times
Appliances	Kenmore Dishwasher clean light flashes wont run?. I have a Kemore dishwasher Model #665.17019401, the clean light keeps flash
Appliances	1932 singer electric sewing machine. I have a 1932 electric singer sewing machine the serial number is AH583872, but I also hav
Appliances	General electric dryer won't start. My dryer will not start. When I try to start it or select the setting to make it start, it 
Appliances	washer door won't unlock. The door on my Maytag Neptune Washing Machine (model #MAH8700AWW) is locked and will not  release.   
Appliances	Ge profile refrigerator. My ge profile refrigerator is leaking water underneath the left side of the door periodically. Usually
Appliances	rheem power glow. My  rheem water heater glow plug come on. but the burner only stay light for a second or two
Appliances	GE Washer will Spin but will not agitate. I have no experience with appliances, but before calling a repair man, I was wonderin
Appliances	How can i fix flashing HF on Kenmore elite HE3?. I washed my clothes today, the water was filling up right. After 10 mins the w
Appliances	kenmore 630.1630  no water. no water is entering the dishwasher
Appliances	stove top cleaning. my flat top eletric stove use too clean up good with that polish they sell for flat tops  but stove is olde
Appliances	What is F26 Error Code Kenmore Oven. Kenmore Self Cleaning Oven has error code F26 - nothing is working on the stove
Appliances	amana dryer problems. my heavy duty amana electric dryer buzzes when i try to start it. what could be the problem?
Appliances	side by side refg..refg side not cold. HOTPOINT  maybe 12 yrs old..F F H S 2 6 2 2 M S..I THINK THE DOOR THAT LETS THE AIR FLOW
Appliances	My washer keeps filling and then overflows because filling will not stop in the cycle. The washer then overflows because fillin
Appliances	Low Pressure in GE Profile Refrigerator Water Dispenser. I have a 4 year old GE Profile side by side refrigerator with an indoo
Appliances	rheem hot eater tank. Pilot on and will light but no hot water just warm and will not kick back off
Appliances	66513942k017 blinking complete light. any answwer for kenmore dishwashwer #66513942k017 blue compldete flashing light
Appliances	hampton bay ac 552 ceiling fan light cover. i have the same kind of fan and the glass broke where can i find the replacement gl
Appliances	water heater state. hi,  i have the water heater electric state 9 mount ago the lower element came bern i  relapse that after 5
Appliances	Kenmore model 110.20902990. I am a do it yourselfer but have a problem.  When you pull out the timer knob to start the flow of 
Appliances	Wave guide. Whirlpool cs said my microwave can't be repaired.  They say the wave guide is bad.  Because it is only 2 years old 
Appliances	Frig GLEH1642FS1 -Dryer squeaks. It seems to be getting more frequent, and if at all possible, higher pitched. At first the squ
Appliances	maytag dryer squealing. I have a maytag dryer and it is making these aweful squealing noises...help
Appliances	figidaire affinity dryer model aeq6000ces2. high pitched metal on metal sound while dryer is on, too heavy to throw out door on
Appliances	Kenmore ultra wash 665. I need the reset code on a kenmore ultra wash 665 dishwasher.All lights are out,
Appliances	kenmore washer 2130. please help in the answer, for my kenmore washer 2130, sensing light is on, washer is not locking, or star
Appliances	Leaking dehumidifier. I have a GE dehumidifier (Model #AHM65LKM1) in my basement.  It's been working great for nearly 5 years, 
Appliances	what is the  manifold tube for?  Mine keeps falling off. Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher - The manifold tube will not stay in pla
Appliances	Gex9868jq0. The dryer will not turn on the sensing light just keeps flashing.
Appliances	Whirlpool Dishwasher. I have a whirlpool tall tub dishwasher. About a week ago it stopped working and the clean light is flashi
Appliances	GE profile TFH22PR. Frost build up in the freezer compartment of this side by side GE refrigerator.  Little to no dust on conde
Appliances	whirlpool duet washer codes. My model # is WFW9200SQ01.  I have intermittent error codes of f70 or f71. I have unplugged and pl
Appliances	washer power cord. Cord has green, white and black with white stripe. Which is post., negative., and ground?
Appliances	gas fireplace. i have a new home with a gas fireplace. i am told you should shut off the pilot in the summer as it does produce
Appliances	home appliances. what causes a refrigerator to leak water?
Appliances	Water filter. There is a cover plate where the water filter should be.  Obviously, we never had water filter since it does not 
Appliances	can i switch ends on a fridgedair air conditioner from a 110 end to a 220 end. can i switch the end on the power cord on my fri
Appliances	water won't dispense from watercooler. Our water cooler won't dispense water when the water jug is on it
Appliances	Kenmore elite washing machine. model# 110.28803890 serial# 1048800, Good Afternoon i have a washing machine that will fill with
Appliances	kelvinator dryer. how do you get the front panel off a kelvinator dryer model DEA500-F2D ?
Appliances	instant repairman maytag neptune dryer. I have a Maytag Neptune gas (propane) dryer model # MDG9700AWW.  When I turn it on, the
Appliances	fridgemaster. My fridgemaster twin freezer/fridge has a problem. The fridge wil not respond to thermostatic control unit. Even 
Appliances	gas leak. can I mix soap and water to find leak... - how much soap / water ???
Appliances	sears ultra soft 250...unit whines when water is on-louder with hot. Sears ultra soft water softner-250--625.388260 I replaced 
Appliances	kenmore stack w/d. my kenmore stack dryer has been squeaking lately, but drying fine. today it sounded as if it was tumbling br
Appliances	i have a 1950 ge electric oven/stove. when i turn on the stove or oven it only heats to about low or med.i have had the element
Appliances	Washer fuse in my ge modelWJSR4160G2WW keeps blowing.. I got a call from my wife,  the washer has water in it but won't spin ou
Appliances	Ancient Sunbeam Mixmaster only runs at full speed (speed control not fuctional). I wonder what's wrong? It's a wonderful antiqu
Appliances	Kitchenaid Dishwasher kude20ixss6 won't start no LEDs lit.. Dishwasher controls don't light up on touch, can't start the DW. Ch
Appliances	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Parts. I have Hampton Bay 54 fan MOdel 523 127.   The fan speed is always full on and can't be stopped
Appliances	sleep number bed. Neither the motor or remote work to our full size sleep number bed. Do you know why? Or how to fix or open mo
Appliances	Whirlpool Fridge ET22DKXFW00 drain freezes about once a month. Can this be prevented?. I have a Whirlpool ET22DKXFW00 fridge/fr
Appliances	heat pump unit. have just changed from propane to natural gas and my heat pump unit is not working rite it has four burners and
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Washer Troubleshooting F35. what is the F35 problem?
Appliances	My washing machine is off balance.. i have a Kirkland Signature washer about 6 years old.  When it spins it if off balance.  Ho
Appliances	kitchen aid dishwasher   blinking sani light at end of cycle. This morning, the sani light was blinking and the clean light was
Appliances	Hunter Fan Original Speed problem. One of my Hunter 3 Speed Fans # 20672 runs at low speed on high, Medium & low settings with 
Appliances	kenmore coldspot 57262792. I have a kenmore coldspot Refrig, about 12 yrs old, It stop working, freezer and Refrig, but the lig
Appliances	Whirlpool dishwasher not drying -  DU1101XTP. Hopefully someone can offer some help on this.  I owned a DU1101XTP at my old hou
Appliances	I need lightbulbs for this Model RUT52WHESILT.. Where can I get light bulbs for Model RUT52WHESILT Ceiling Fan.
Appliances	I have heavy lint build-up deep inside my Kenmore Stackable dryer how do I remove it?. I have a heavy accumulation of lint deep
Appliances	dishwasher light blinking. my kenmore ultra light deluxe has a clean green button flashing and the machine does not work
Appliances	kenmore frontload washer. code flashes f11 cycle starts stop after a second or5   cant get door to open
Appliances	kenmore dishwasher normal light flashing. I have a kenmore dishwasher less than 2 years old and the normal wash cycle light is 
Appliances	kic tumble dryer wiring diagram sensor drydual heat. machine just keeps tripping power
Appliances	Furnace Cool-Down Switch Question. I have a 22 year old Tempstar furnace model NUGG100EA02.  The furnace works well.  Recently 
Appliances	Kenmore 110.23822100 washer help please. I have a 9 year old Kenmore 110.23822100 washer and it doesn't work.  Here is what's h
Appliances	Portable Kenmore Ultra Wash Mod 665-17769 not starting.. Anyone:  replaced the control board on this washer last week. ran fine
Appliances	Kenmore Elite HE3 will not start. Kenmore Elite HE3 will not start. The door button is functioning so the problem appears to be
Appliances	information on electro-grand 400 montgomery wards sewing machine JA16. I have a JA16 Montgomery Wards electro-grand 400 De Luxe
Appliances	Fridge and bottom freezer shut off but lights are on. My MBF2254HEW is not turning on, freezer and fridge, after it was turned 
Appliances	whirlpool wfw9050xw00 long slow spinn. Have whirlpool wfw9050xw00 front load washer that spins real slow and leaves clothes ver
Appliances	Whirlpool Dishwasher won't complete the cycle.. I have a Quiet Partner ll Whirlpool dishwasher.  It will fill up but when it is
Appliances	110.73952101. I have a gas dryer, Kenmore model 110.73952101 .     It lights up and heats but the motor does not run.   I have 
Appliances	Where is the Thermal Fuse?. I have a Sears Kenmore Stackable, Model# 41790802991, and I need to check the Thermal Fuse and poss
Appliances	please identify my kenmore washer. Subject: Washer Â Kenmore Heavy Duty Double Action  Need to identify which model etc and how
Appliances	no  starting. Have a Crosley  dryer  and  can mash the start  button and hear a  light  buzz  but will not start.Have ordered t
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Dryer. model 11066922501 - how do I remove the bottom front panel?
Appliances	Whirlpool AW7 7913 grinding. My condenser dryer makes a ginding sound when it rotates anti-clockwise its ok and quiet rotating 
Appliances	Kenmore Elite He3t code f11what does this code mean. what does the code f11 indicate
Appliances	Maytag side by side. Maytag fridge mod # MSD2651HEB not cooling freezer doesn't work either
Appliances	Maytag PAV3360 AWW washer--- tub does not spin.. Motor turns, belt is being driven, tub pulley is spinning.  Is there a clutch?
Appliances	whirlpool duet washer error code sud. We have a Whirlpool Duet Washer with Error Code SUD, and sometimes F35.  We cleaned out t
Appliances	Refrigerator doesn't defrost properly. Got a 5 year old Kenmore Side by Side refrigerator that is acting the fool  (or at least
Appliances	Maytag refrigerator--ice forming in bottom of freezer. Ice has been forming in the bottom of our side-by-side Maytag (MSB 2354 
Appliances	Machine will not start-Model # WFW8400TB00. Serial # HLU3501570. How to reset the motor codes on my front load whirlpool duet w
Appliances	Lennox g61MP furnace. PLEASE HELP It is 27 Degrees outside and my furnace will not work.  The fan will blow, but the thermostat
Appliances	Reset filter change light. I just replaced the water filter in my Maytag side by side refrigerator and the change filter light
Appliances	soap backup in dishwasher. My dishwasher constantly has soap bubbles in it after I use Rinse and Hold.  I have not put any so
Appliances	Garage heater hookup. Hi,  I have a new Dimplex EMC-4240 240V, 4,800 watt, 30 amp portable garage heater with a NEMA 6-30 (3 pr
Appliances	washing machine. Can you tell me how old is this machine model#20972
Appliances	Kenmore Electric Dryer still squeeks!. Kenmore dryer model 110.86984100 has a loud, intermittent squeek/squeel when it is runni
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash  dishwasher model#655.1734 won't start, unplug it. Kenmore ultra wash quietguard deluxe dishwasher model#665
Appliances	what to do for frigidaire refrigerator gallery will not make ice or dispense water. frigidaire GALLERY will not make ICE or dis
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash quiet guard locked air dry button. My Kenmore Ultra Wash Quiet Guard has locked and won't run... the AIR DRY
Appliances	kenmore dryer bips but dont start. i have a kenmore elite smartheat quietpak 9 all the lights are on pres to start beeps timer 
Appliances	Kenmore elite ultra dishwasher not responding, no lights but power. Our Kenmore Elite ULTRA WASH dishwasher has no lights and d
Appliances	whirpool duet dryer is making loud screeching noises. Dryer is making a high pitched screeching, squealing noise.  I haven't tr
Appliances	diagram for electric range hookup to breaker box. diagram to hook up electric range to breaker box
Appliances	error code e15. e25 - what does it mean?
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash dishwasher will not cycle or drain. I have a Kenmore Ultra Wash model # 665 17805890  Problem:  The unit tur
Appliances	While washing cloths in my Kenmore 701 Seires , the washing machine stop operating a. While washing cloths in my Kenmore 70 Ser
Appliances	washing machine will not fill with cold water at the rinse cycle. I have a whirlpool washing machine.  When the machine reaches
Appliances	Hard wiring new electric kitchen range. I bought a new electric kitchen range to replace my old one. The installation instructi
Appliances	how old is my frigidaire model FRS20ZRG. Age of this model fridge?
Appliances	State Select Hot water heater. I have a state  select hot water heater.  I am all of a sudden continuously hitting the reset bu
Appliances	replaced motor, control board,thermistor still f40 error. technician replaced  control board,  motor  and thermistor and I stil
Appliances	Kenmore dishwas blinc while it is working. I have just rest my Kenmore dishwasher.it is working but the normal wash light is bl
Appliances	looking for free repair manual for kenmore washer  11028422700. My lid switch is gone  I think.  I do not know how to access th
Appliances	Garbage disposal is leaking. What can I do to fix it myself?. It's jammed and leaking water but not sure from what spot. I THIN
Appliances	kenmore gas range. purchased in 2005. ok  I tried to use the self cleaning and the door lock started to lock and never finished
Appliances	does it matter which way a whirlpool dryer rotates. Does it matter which direction a Wirlpool dryer drum rotates. It rotates co
Appliances	Kenmore elite dishwasher 665 15969990 normal was light blinking won't start help?. We have a older model kenmore elite dishwash
Appliances	kenmore 80 series washer won't spin. I have a Kenmore 80 series washer model no. 110.22882101 that won't spin. I replaced the d
Appliances	Kenmore Gas Range Door Lock out, door is open. Hello, I have a Kenmore Gas Range.  My manual has the following model numbers on
Appliances	York gas furnace troubleshooting?. My furnace is 15 years old I tried to turn it on today and the ignitor never heated up nor d
Appliances	Ken more dyer 96281100. Not turning on
Appliances	constant blower fault & coil fault msgs in Nordyne modulating furnace. We have continuous blower fault errors messages on IQDri
Appliances	Air conditioner blowing cold air outside?. My air conditioner is blowing cold air outside, not cooling inside
Appliances	kenmore elite het3 washer ripping clothes. I've seen this question at several websites but have never seen a resolved answer. O
Appliances	whirlpool electric dryer wed4900xwo. Any idea why my whirlpool electric dryer wed4900xwo will not heat up?
Appliances	glasses caked with scum. Glass' loaded clean come out with a crusty scum on inside of them.
Appliances	Whirlpool Fault Codes. whirlpool washing machine displaying F.08 what is the problem
Appliances	kenmore washer 417.411 service manual. I am looking for a repair manual/ service manual for kenmore elite model 417.411.
Appliances	kenmore elite sensor smart 3 speed washer troubleshooting. My washer has stopped after the fill cycle and has given me an F1 si
Appliances	roper oven. I have a roper oven.  Its probably about 12 yrs old.  It does not have digital timer on top just old clock kind. It
Appliances	Washing Machine Leaks............ We have a Front Loading Fridigaire , Round Door ...It has starting leaking at the bottom area
Appliances	Vaillant gas boiler issue. I had a brand new gas boiler installed in Jan 2010. It broke down last week and cost over Â100 to re
Appliances	Hampton Bay ceiling fan. How to remove the mounting 'cover', when there are no visible screws holding it in place?
Appliances	fridgidare washer wont spin or drain. washer wont spin or drian ,replaced timer ,lid switch,removed pump checked lines fore and
Appliances	ride on mower problems. have a victa ride on that will not engage the first two gears-but moves fine in the other 4-any ideas?
Appliances	Air conditioner r 410 new old r22 air handler and coils replaced. I have a new  ac compressor R 410 but my air handler and coil
Appliances	Sears gas wall heater MODEL 867?. I need the operating instructions and repair or service manual for a Sears wall heater model 
Appliances	Trane XR80 Furnace. My Trane XR80 Furnace started back in 2008 about one or two times during the winter tripping the safety res
Appliances	still need a schematic for kenmore fridge pc board 2252199. still need a schematic for kenmore 10655532400  part # 2252199 or b
Appliances	White sewing machine -- where do i look for serial #. In a cabinet ,green great shape only # I see is 670-406. Any info would b
Appliances	Thumping Shoe sound from empty dryer. Hello,  Please let me know if this has already been answered but a search didn't yield 
Appliances	ask question on air I need a 17.75 W X 13.75 H in-wall 115V a/c unit to fit existin. I need a 17.75 W X 13.75 H in-wall 115
Appliances	Wiring diagrams for bunn coffee makers. I have to replace the rocker switch on my bunn b10's warmer plate it is a three termina
Appliances	Kenmore dishwasher lock button. I have held the no heat dry button for 4-30 seconds, multiple times with no success. The loc
Appliances	Maytag Quiet Series 300 Dishwasher - First Just No Lights, Now won't Run at All!. I have a Maytag Quiet Series 300. Model numbe
Appliances	Inglis Washer Model IS4100.. My washer fills up and then does nothing. Is this the timer?
Appliances	How to install a ceiling fan (hampton bay 52 inch). I recently purchased a Hampton Bay ceiling fan (Marta 52 in. Brushed Nickel
Appliances	how do i remove panel to remove defrost control board model number aff2534few1. have ice up coils tested bimetal an heater all 
Appliances	Kenmore UltraWash Quiet Guard 3 Dishwasher no Longer Cleaning the Top Rack. I have had my Kenmore UltraWash Dishwasher for 2.5 
Appliances	Dryer Vent Hose. I wonder when you buy the vent hose kit for the dryer. Since it either goes outside or into a utility room. Is
Appliances	Maytag Refrigerator Cooling Problem. Need Help on cooling issue. My maytag MSD2756AEW side by side is not cooling the refrigera
Appliances	Kenmore Dishwasher 363.16179100 Won't drain. The dishwasher doesn't drain
Appliances	dyson. I have a dyson dc 07 and have always loved it .... recently after my mom used it i am having issues with it.  a very lou
Appliances	kenmore he3 dryer wont heat.. kenmore he3 dryer wont heat.  blows fine. all sensors and elements check good
Appliances	frigidaire model frs6r5esbc not cooling comp/cond not hot. compresor and fans are running but freezer and refrigerator not work
Appliances	leaking kitchen faucet handle(dual handle). ok, so i have a delta kitchen faucet. its from the early 90's. it's a white dual ha
Appliances	Gas stove concerns. I have had a gas stove for about 1 1/2 years. It worked fine until one day it started having a flame that w
Appliances	kenmore ultra wash dishwasher lock on and normal wash lights flashing. model 665, my normal wash and lock on lights are blinkin
Appliances	New Dryer. just got the new GE dryer 3 prong . Use to be an old dryer years ago. 30 Amp breaker. turn it on. And the breaker tr
Appliances	dropped hampton bay remote receiver. I dropped Hampton Bay remote and fan and light dimmer stopped responding. Replaced the rem
Appliances	msd2142ar. I have a MSD2142AR, water is coming out the bottom front left side area. I do not have water hooked the the ref... I
Appliances	singer sewing machine. I have an old Singer Sawing Maching from the 1940s , its in excellent condition and was wonder what it m
Appliances	Does an admiral adg7005aww have moisture sensors?. Does an admiral adg7005aww have moisture sensors?  My dryer works fine on ti
Appliances	drip pan kenmore bottom-mount refrigerator 596.7625. I have a Kenmore Elite Model 596.7625*702 bottom mount refigerator that is
Appliances	i have a CGV ray line ts Universal LCD Touch Screen Remote Control and it wont work. i have a CGV ray line ts Universal LCD Tou
Appliances	lady kenmore. Drum replacement belt 4 model 65921
Appliances	kenmore model 665. won. won't drain/ pipe is not blocked/ drains sometimes
Appliances	Theem 21vp50-1 ignitor glows but main burner does not ignite. Hi, I have a 50 gal Rheem PwerVent gas water heater (Model # 21VP
Appliances	Kenmore elite drain pan?. I have a Kenmore Elite Model 596.7625*702 bottom mount refigerator that is leaking water and I cannot
Appliances	white rotary sewing machine. Found a whitie rotary sewing machine of my grandmother's from storage.  Serial number fr 2833519. 
Appliances	Furnace problem. I recently had a Goodman furnace installed in my garage, when it fires up and is  running it makes a beeping s
Appliances	how to close interior vent on microwave. We have a microwave which has an exterior vent. however, when the vent is on the air a
Appliances	Kenmore He3 will not stay on. I have a kenmore he3 and I have purchased a new control panel because it would not start and I ha
Appliances	kenmore elite model 665.13969. error code F2E2.  Machine taking no water.
Appliances	kenmore elite flashing 2f. What is a code flashing 2f on the Kenmore elite washer model number 11045986?
Appliances	replacing a 4prong dryer cord with a 3 prong. I am wanting to replace a 4 prong dryer cord with a 3 prong.  how do i do this an
Appliances	How can I find the phone number for the Bradford White Corps.Company. I'm looking for the phone number for the Bradford White C
Appliances	Gas/sewer smell when using electric clothes dryer. We have had a sewer/gas smell in our laundry room on and off for about a yea
Appliances	Service manual for a Montgomery Wards Sewing Machine. I need a service manual with parts breakdown for a Montgomery Wards Sewin
Appliances	gas dryer installation. Do you need to ground a gas dryer with a separate ground wire?  electric wire has 3-wire small socket.
Appliances	Squeaky Clothes Dryer. My dryer makes these brutal high pitch squeaking sounds.  Does anyone know what might be causing it and 
Appliances	roper electric timer model res7648kq1. dryer will not shut off on its own. Roper model RES7648KQ1
Appliances	kenmore elite smartheat quietpak9 he5. Dryer wont start but timer works
Appliances	Refrigerator water line Leaking - Maytag Performa side-by-side. Leaking where incoming water splits to two separate lines, one 
Appliances	quietline wd805. I am looking for any and all info about Thor/Quietline WD805 washer dryer combo.   Wiring diagrams, parts, par
Appliances	How do I reset my kenmore elite 665 dishwasher?. I have a kenmore elite 665.16933 dishwasher.  I think I need to reset it - I c
Appliances	Gas fire place - burning eyes. Good day, We had a Chad-o-Glo gas fireplace installed in 2011.  This is a South African manufact
Appliances	Gas Coil Valves for SE-SG1000 Maytag Stackable dryer. I am having difficulty reaching the screws of the piece that holds the ga
Appliances	trickling hot water from tap. hot water taps in kitchen and bathroom just trickling while cold watter taps behaving normally.
Appliances	frost free working fine. water not draining properly & refreezing in bottom of freeze. What causes this?
Appliances	kenmore washer. f-30 is showing on my washer an it wont work.
Appliances	whirlpool wall oven. how do i remove the trim to access the control panel on a whirlpool wall oven mod.#rbd275prb00?
Appliances	KENMORE ELITE dishwasher MOD 665.13922k010 will not turn on. My Kenmore Elite dishwasher will not turn on, not lights will resp
Appliances	Kenmore Dishwasher won't start. Hi,  I have a Kenmore Ultra Wash Dishwasher (model 665.1588) that will no longer start. Its rou
Appliances	Whirlpool Dryer Repair. Hi  I have a squeaky Whirlpool Ultimate Care 2 Heavy Duty Super Capacity Plus Dryer. After removing the
Appliances	What causes frost to build up in a frost-free refrigerator freezer?. Refrigerator is about 8 yrs. old and is losing cooling on 
Appliances	whirlpool estate washer. washer filled with water but will not start,any cycle.
Appliances	whirlpool duet washer codes. I have a Whirlpool Duet washer model GEW9250PLO and cannot start a new cycle. I am getting error c
Appliances	water runs with washer is off. Hello, I cleaned the inlet cold water filter by taking in out and cleaned it with water. Then I 
Appliances	Maytag Neptune MDG4000BWW will no longer heat.. I have a Maytag Neptune Model MDG4000BWW, SN#17084094WM that suddenly stopped h
Appliances	Free Repair Manual for Kenmore Washer. I need a repair manual for a Kenmore front loading tumble action washer model 417.441023
Appliances	Kenmore elite dishwasher - blinking clean light. The clean light on my dishwasher keeps blinking and the dishwasher won't work.
Appliances	old household items for sale in kalyan thane. i want to sell my household items in kalyan, thane district.
Appliances	white knight. how do i vent my white knight cl 412 frv.
Appliances	Water Heater cleaning/flushing out. I read where you answered and suggested to a member that to flush out the water heater once
Appliances	squeaky dryer. How can you tell what needs to be replaced when dryer starts squeaking?
Appliances	Amana Dryer Problems. my amana dryer keeps triping the breaker .sometimes it works great .sometimes it trips the breaker then i
Appliances	sewing machine. What is a old M ward sewing machine worth?
Appliances	kenmore dishwasher blinking light AFTER code. Hi all, I've had the Kenmore blinking green clean light of DEATH, and yes, I did 
Appliances	kenmore elite model number 11072992100MM1305891. Our Kenmore Elite Dryer is not working, The dyer button will not stay on when 
Appliances	my kenmore duet washer still not working. Its showing F01 error code I replaced the ccu unit washer still will not finish wash 
Appliances	which way do the controls go inside the fridge..0-7. I have a kenmore fridge..The setting is on 4 presently and things feel ext
Appliances	Kenmore Elite Dishwasher will not start any cycle, will drain. I have a Kenmore Elite dishwasher with Sensor ATC and Ultra W
Appliances	panasonic tv troubleshooting. My panasonic picture has a green tinge instead of nice color???
Appliances	Kenmore Dryer Timer not advancing. I have an Electric Kenmore Dryer, model 110.86581100.  My wife noticed the timer was not adv
Appliances	Refrigerator Ice Maker Water Supply Line Freezing. I have an LG refrigerator with a bottom freezer/ice make in door.  The ice m
Appliances	water heater pilot won't stay lit. American water heater proline super eagle G275T7544NV model 245122905 serial pilot light go 
Appliances	New Maytag Washer & Dryer......... We took delivery yesterday of a New Maytag Washer & Dryer Combo..The location of the Dryer E
Appliances	central heating unit not working properly. there is power, there is gas flow ignitor working but it takes 3 to 4 four tines to 
Appliances	my washing machine fills with water but then makes a clicking noise and won't wash. Hi.  I have a Whirlpool washer that fills w
Appliances	Fixing Amana Dryer. Amana Clothes dryer timer.  We have an Amana Dryer Mod. #DLG330 RAW, I've checked and cleaned the vent pipe
Appliances	Find date of white sewing machine by serial number. I have a white model 765 delux sewing machine lovely gold color heavier tha
Appliances	Maytag Dryer MDE5500AYW, 8.8.  Error code. My Maytag Neptune Dryer, Model MDE5500AYW, Serial 36492683ZF, has 8.8. on the disp
Appliances	Whirlpool Duet Sport Washer. An blinking F - code on my Whirlpool Duet Sport washer?  Please help.  The door won't unlock
Appliances	Maytag plus refrigerator w/freezer on top. I have a Maytag Plus refrigerator that I'd like to sell but have no idea what to ask
Appliances	Kenmore Dishwasher Troubleshoot. My dishwasher does not rinse the dishes properly. It is a 18 model. What should I check?
Appliances	Kenmore elite washer won't spin or agitate. I have a 5 year olf Kenmore elite washer that does not spin/agitate or pump water. 
Appliances	I have  kenmore washer that have water coming out of the bottom of it during wash. I have a kenmore washer  that have water com
Appliances	Kenmore Refrigerator 106.8758211 leaks waters inside. I have a Kenmore refrigerator 106.8758211 that drips water down the back 
Appliances	dryer. My Amana electric dryer only buzzes when I press start.  What could the problem be?
Appliances	Need blade for very old Hunter ceiling fan. My 20 plus year old Hunter ceiling fan works very well, but the metal piece that at
Appliances	Appraisal of Antique Singer Sewing Machine. I am looking for an estimate on the price of an Antique Singer Sewing Machine. It i
Appliances	roller being forced out of track when opening, why is this??. Second roller from top keeps getting forced out of track when I o
Appliances	frigidaire clothes drier 417GLEQ2152EE very little heat. Frigidaire Gallery clothes Dryer model # 417GLEQ2152EE:  Luke warm - v
Appliances	kenmore elite dryer smartheat quiet pak9. None of the buttons worked. I would open and shut the door a few times and the panel 
Appliances	Venting Built-In Gas Wall Ovens. I am replaing an existing double gas wall oven that vents through a 5 circular metal vent to 
Appliances	Sewing machine worth. I have a Willcox and Gibbs sewing machine in beautiful condition! I've had it for years, and enjoyed havi
Cooking	What goes good with bake pork chops and pasta noodles?
Cooking	How do I get my food photographs/recipes published in magazines?. I am a food blogger and photographer, and would like to get m
Cooking	What is the best beef dish you could have?. I love beef and i really want to know...
Cooking	What can I bake with these ingredients ?. Basically I want to bake something but got no money to shop. I do have quite a lot of
Cooking	Can you put cooked pasta back into boiling water to warm them up?
Cooking	Can I use the same oil again?. I made sunny side up eggs this morning, and the oil is clean. And I want to fry 2 boneless pork 
Cooking	Does anyone know how to fry brown rice in a skillet?
Cooking	I'm starting a diet but need new recipes?. I start my full time job this week and I'm also trying to incooporate better eating 
Cooking	Okay I feel like stir fry tomorrow?!!?. Okay WTF goes in stir fry I've tried it like AGESâ€¦ ago but don't know how to make it wh
Cooking	What are the top 5 hardest desserts to make?. I made my first ever soufflÃ© today and I am only 14, it was very successful and I
Cooking	Grilled Cheese Sandwich? Cherry Cheese Danish? Or Bowl of Mini Wheats for Breakfast?
Cooking	Have i got a bad tub of icecream?. i bought a tub of ben and jerry's chocolate fudge brownie for the first time and all the bro
Cooking	How much uncooked fish do you have to eat to get food poisoning?
Cooking	Instead of fried apples on ice cream, has anyone ever added fried apples IN to home made ice cream?
Cooking	How do you usually cook your vegetables, if you do?
Cooking	Are german made chef knives good?
Cooking	What is a good and easy recipe for red velvet cake?
Cooking	What should I cook with this Spicy marinara sauce?. I was gonna use some spaghetti and chicken.
Cooking	Can I eat dried tomatoes leaves ?
Cooking	Substitution for 12 cloves?. I have a recipe that calls for 12 cloves. What can I use and how much will 12 cloves be?
Cooking	Don't you guys just love pork and beef?. I was a vegetarian when I born but recently I became omnivorus.
Cooking	How Do You Make Cake Pops ?. I want an easy to follow method and if possible or measurements in grams xx Also i live in the Uk 
Cooking	What do you think i should eat?. for breakfast i had a cup of raspberries with multi grain cheerios & skimmed milk. for lunch i
Cooking	What are some food/drink items to stay clear of when trying to avoid caffeine ?. Let's say i was trying to lower my intake of c
Cooking	Easy and quick RECIPES?. that you only need a microwave for at the most...really easy but tasty...thanks
Cooking	If i can i can if i can't i freeze?
Cooking	How do you make Taiwanese Ice or xue hua bing?. I have first saw this in Hawaii while helping my sister who was stationed there
Cooking	Can I use my unripe green tomatoes?. to fry as the Americans Fried green tomatoes.
Cooking	How many cups of water and salt must I use in order to prevent being move to the new Yahoo answers format?
Cooking	If I put 2 hard boiled eggs & an avocado in the Ninja then smear it on a whole wheat tortilla will it taste ok?
Cooking	What is cheese fondue?
Cooking	Frozen Breaded Chicken Tenderloins (Tyson) question?. I cooked one piece of this in my toaster oven at about 450 for 30-35 min.
Cooking	How to make a good tuna fish sandwich?. My tuna fish sandwich suck. They taste dry are they aren't sweet enough. I just put may
Cooking	Dose anybody know how to get the Net Cheif?. Wireless DIGITAL Recipee File
Cooking	What temperature are profiteroles served at?. I bought a box of profiteroles and they were frozen. But I'm not sure if I should
Cooking	Dairy-free cupcake recipes! Please?. I can't have soy, alomond, or rice milk. I'm allergic to MSG and yeast aswell. Help please
Cooking	How condensation affect the ice cream?
Cooking	Something nice to put on scones?. I ran out of strawberry jam ): anything else I could use to eat them with?
Cooking	Marijuana cookies problem!?. i had 5 weed plants and i grew them well, but unfortunately something went wrong with my security 
Cooking	How to thicken up soft cheese with eggs and cream in it?. made up mix which was soft cheese sugar cream and eggs. meant to make
Cooking	Just curious, what do you prefer?. Propane Or (Gulp) Charcoal?
Cooking	How to tell if stainless steel pots are fake?. How can we tell if our stainless steel pots (made in china) are fake or real? I 
Cooking	Do you love chicken? What's your favorite way to eat it?. And why? Im hungry guys! I love chicken strips! I hate bones! I like 
Cooking	Can I use regular all purpose flour to fry fish?. This is the only thing I have to use for frying
Cooking	Storing ciabatta bread dough?. i made the biga for ciabatta bread last night to make bread rolls for a dinner party tonight, th
Cooking	How many calories are in the applebeese blonde brownie without icecream but still poring the maple sause on it?
Cooking	Why is my bread sagging?. I've baked a zucchini bread recipe I got off an internet recipe site. I follow the recipe instruction
Cooking	I am cooking a cornish game hen?. i am cooking a cornish game hen  in my crock pot for dinner. I also sliced up onions and pota
Cooking	Making a pork tenderloin need help?. so I have a pork tenderloin for dinner we have company coming over and they have kids so n
Cooking	Which cheese goes best with potatoes au gratin?. Cheddar is boring. Last week I cooked them with Gruyere and it was really good
Cooking	Where was the first food ever served (10 pts. best answer)?. My chef for culinary gave us this question today, and he said the 
Cooking	I ran out of cake batter! HELP!?. SO i was in the middle of making cupcakes and i ran out of batter. i know your probably just 
Cooking	Does a Oreo milkshake taste better with chocolate ice cream or Vanilla ice cream?
Cooking	Is it possible to make and have new solid friendships at 34yrs of age? Essentially starting Over?
Cooking	Is green apples the same as cooking apples?. Im making apple crumble and i don't know what cooking apples are are they green ap
Cooking	Soup? Salad? or Bread with Butter with your Meal? Which Appetizer from this list do you like better?
Cooking	How to name my pastry?. I am so interested in this case and I would be very happy if I have your help. Thank you
Cooking	Is baking olive oil bad?. I have read how its smoking point turns it to trans fat.  is baking the same thing. I am about to bak
Cooking	Can i replace red bell peppers with red banana peppers for jelly?. receipe calls for3 medium red bell peppers & I want to repla
Cooking	How to make sauteed chicken liver?. Recipe for sauteed chicken liver with onions
Cooking	Can that ingredients make a good omelette?. Hey , right now i have pepper , salt , tomatoes and onion , are that enough for an 
Cooking	Does butter really melt the moment you take them out of le fridge?
Cooking	Croatians: How do I make cedevita?. My aunty came over from Croatia and gave me some cedevita. I've got a big bag of orangey fl
Cooking	Recipe for Macaroni & Cheese Salad?. Does anyone know this recipe! I've looked for years online and I couldn't find anything to
Cooking	How can i make my appearance better?. 1.how can i make my teetg whiter? 2.how can i get rid of bags&shadows under my eyes? 3.ho
Cooking	Is so delicious coconut milk available in saudi arabia?. so delicious coconut milk in saudi arabia  i researched ., it is a 50 
Cooking	Need a good value food processor?. I've had an ASDA one for Â£30 and a Kenwood which were both fairly rubbish. I'm looking for o
Cooking	How do I roast gammon?. I have a join of gammon 0.750g how long do I cook it? Do I put it in oil? Do I boil it first ? I hav no
Cooking	Just moved into my first apartment with my boyfriend and trying to save $$ anybody have idea for cheap dinner?
Cooking	What fresh vegetables are a staple in your kitchen?. Meaning, what fresh veggies are you *always* likely to have on hand?
Cooking	What would you put inside the Ultimate Lasagna?. I want to make the Ultimate Lasagna. I want it fully loaded with all types of 
Cooking	How can I make myself feel full?. Every day I eat breakfast and then I'm hungry an hour later. I don't like being hungry I'm no
Cooking	List Some German Entrees and Desserts Please?
Cooking	How to make Jager shape cake?. Wanting to make my boyfriend a jager shaped cake for his birthday. Anyone know how to make one o
Cooking	How do YOU make mushy peas?
Cooking	Making molds with hot glue gun?. So, a very special person's birthday is in 2 days, so i want to make customized molds that i'l
Cooking	Can cupcake Recipes be baked into a whole round cake?. I have a friend who asked me to bake her some cupcakes but then later sh
Cooking	Are there any other ways i can eat chili other than on a chili dog and by itself?. I need some ideas.
Cooking	How much exactly is a dash or a pinch?. Like if you had to give me a measurement amount what would it come out to? 1/4 teaspoon
Cooking	Is it safe to freeze cooked meat the next day?. I was in the middle of making breakfast burritos for freezing this afternoon wh
Cooking	Who likes eating biscuit mixure before it is cooked.?
Cooking	Key Lime mousse from mixing lime jello and cool whip?. Is there a retro recipe you know of that sounds like this?
Cooking	Any juice , milkshake ,smoothie recipes?. Any recipes that are juices smoothies or milkshakes that is just soo good :) I have t
Cooking	Can you make jam from a jellyfish?. a jelly fish washed up on shore to day on my back patio. which i live in the montains anway
Cooking	How to make pizza in mocrowave oven in home?
Cooking	How come I never see shredded american cheese?
Cooking	What is parboiled rice? is it fattening?
Cooking	Why have solid plate hobs become popular in the UK?. I've had several kitchens in Switzerland with these plates and they are a 
Cooking	Will double cream melt?. I'm going to make a Victoria sponge tomorrow and I wanna put some whipped double cream inside and on t
Cooking	Muffin depositors in bakeries?. Does anyone one what type of pump they use in muffin depositing machines ?   Trying to make a m
Cooking	Do you have a strange food/drink habit?. I'm not sure how odd mine is or if others do it. But i like drinking Oxo cubes. I just
Cooking	Do sesame and lemon go together (noodle dish)?. sesame oil kind flavour and lemon? for noodles?
Cooking	Will muffins make me gain weight?. For breakfast, I are a homemade chocolate chip muffin. Will this make me gain weight? Thanks
Cooking	Homemade noodles, do you boil them?. it said (on the online recipe :/) boil them in water or stock but it just seems like dough
Cooking	How do I thicken sweetened condensed milk? Like fudge?. I bought a can of caramel flavoured condense milk thinking it had a rec
Cooking	Can Reese puff cereal get you high?
Cooking	Can i use melted chocolate instead of water?. i want to make a cake for someone thats coming back fom holiday,  i just want to 
Cooking	Substitute for white onion?. A recipe calls for a white onion but I can't find them anywhere. What can I use instead?
Cooking	Ideas for making a penne pasta?. Does anyone have a recipe where I can use the penne pasta?
Cooking	What are some high calorie nutritious bars I can make at home..?. My hubby has COPD and needs more calories but finds it hard t
Cooking	4 lbs of raw Pork left in unplugged slowcooker?. Tonight I prepared a 4 lbs pork butt (according to this recipe: http://nomnomp
Cooking	Why is bacon so easy to burn?. seems like everytime
Cooking	Will this come out alright?. I'm experimenting a new recipe for I don't know what. Well, this is the mixture: Whole grain flour
Cooking	Second Interview at Mcdonalds?. I have a second interview at Mcdonalds tomorrow, the first one was really short, only like 5 mi
Cooking	Is it bad to microwave microwaved food?. You microwave the food then it gets cold again and repeating the process.
Cooking	How much water do you add for every cup of whole wheat flour?. I want to make this korean pancake recipe, and you use 1 cup wat
Cooking	How long will smoked salmon last?. I caught the fish myself fresh, I cleaned it and cut it into strips. I brinned it for 2 days
Cooking	Yeast in sealed tube will make more __ than yeast in tube that is open to the air?. Two identical tubes of yeast are growing in
Cooking	How do you masure 1 oz in grams?
Cooking	Why do strawberries look fluffy?. Why do strawberries look fluffy from the inside
Cooking	Help I think I ate raw chicken?. So I went out to eat about an hour ago and ordered the grilled chicken sand which after eating
Cooking	What kind of frosting goes good with a brownie cake?. i wanna do something that's not chocolate i don't want it coming out real
Cooking	Any delicious fall goodies I can look up on allrecipes.com?. Ive been wanting to bake fall sweets for fall this year and so far
Cooking	Chocolate DIY: colors and flavors good, but melts too easily. How to fix?. Hi. 2 questions:  1 I am making my own white chocola
Cooking	Would you find this pleasing to eat?. UNSTUFFED CABBAGE ROLLS       Ingredients:  1 1/2 to 2 pounds lean ground beef or turkey 
Cooking	What is your favorite way to cook fried chicken?
Cooking	How to bake cookies without eggs?. Also, if possible, without self raising flour x
Cooking	Homemade Treat Ideas for Chickens?. Buying store treats are expensive, has anyone ever made some simple treats for their hens, 
Cooking	What's the difference between streusel and a crumble?
Cooking	Really good food to cook in class?. My oral communications class in college is learning about informative speeches right now, a
Cooking	How much garlic powder equals a clove of garlic?
Cooking	Can you slice this?????!!?. I would like about 5 pounds of salami thinley sliced. Can you do this? Im gonna walk around and do 
Cooking	What is your favorite fruit dessert?
Cooking	Can you freeze edible soybeans in the shell?. I love soybeans and planted lots in the garden this year...they take forever to s
Cooking	What exactly is red wine vinegar used for?. A friend of mine gave me a bottle but I'm not sure how to use it.
Cooking	Should I add caramelised onion to my eight-strand plaited loaf?. Hi, I'm doing my food tech GCSE and I'm going to make an eight
Cooking	Where in Los Angeles is the best supermarket to buy ingredients for pizza?. I want to know where i can buy the best flour, cann
Cooking	Recipes for cake pops?. Well do any of u guys know the recipe for cake pops
Cooking	What is a Pot luck at work with food?. I am new to Canada's workforce and may have to participate but unsure of what it exactly
Cooking	How can i make rice pudding?
Cooking	Im recovering from a cold can i eat a sandwich?. i have had a cold for 2 days now and im starting to recover would i be ok if i
Cooking	What are your favorite homemade food gift ideas?. I only give homemade gifts because 1) they're less expensive, 2) they're more
Cooking	create a new food innovation that has never been done before?. create a new food innovation that has never been done before
Cooking	What the hell is a blue waffle?
Cooking	What are good names for gift baskets?. I'm trying to make gift baskets to sell and I need suggestions for a hot chocolate baske
Cooking	Whats the best romantic dessert?
Cooking	What kind of cheese for a mornay sauce (steak)?. Getting ready to cook some steak filets, oscar style and I want a mornay sauce
Cooking	How long do potatoes stay suitable to eat for, (once their bought from a supermarket)?. Does it depend on the type of potato th
Cooking	What is the best way to prepare fillet steak?. Im cooking a anniversary dinner for my wife and want it to be perfect
Cooking	How long can i keep my cabbage and carrot in the fridge?. i have made cabbage and carrot with vegetable stock and also matteson
Cooking	Whats the most fatty food? is it butter?, at 82% 100g butter 82g fat?. whats higher anything?
Cooking	Need recipes for school?. In my speech, i need a recipe i can make that is simple and easy. The recipe needs at least 10 ingred
Cooking	What shall I have for lunch? Quick answers please!?. I can only have soft foods because of my braces... any suggestions?? :)
Cooking	What easy dishes you cook for supper ?. Hello  !   Please share what you cook and eat in the middle of the night.  Examples aft
Cooking	How does one become a good cook?. I follow directions but things dong always turn out right. Why???
Cooking	I took my lemon meringue pie out of the oven a little too early?? :(?. when i took it out it was only just hardened and browned
Cooking	Easy after school snacks?. I'm thirteen an I would like a yummy after school snack that I can make quickly. Nothing kiddy like 
Cooking	Why the heck do we have to pay for dipping sauce for pizza Hut wings?. someone help me boycott paying for dipping sauce for win
Cooking	Is a habanero the same a scotch bonnet pepper?
Cooking	When I cook rice/gits, they come out great but they stick to the bottom of the pot, how can I prevent this?
Cooking	I need some recipes for supper!! Read please?. I have a bad sore throat and no idea what to eat. I need some recipes to encoura
Cooking	Victoria Sponge Cake recommend?. I find tons of recipes online. But which one would you recommend? Which tasted better or worke
Cooking	What is the best Paleo Recipes Cookbook?. From the last one month, I've been looking for a brand new paleo cookbook. But didn't
Cooking	Will Cooking Academy 4 come out anytime soon? Will there even be one?. for cooking academy players
Cooking	What is the best recipe for pancakes?. I LOVE pancakes but i want another recipe for them i have delia but that is all.
Cooking	I'm looking to make a quick and easy but tasty dinner for my family?. My family is always bugging me that I need to learn how t
Cooking	What happens if I bake bread in a casserole dish? or a metal cake pan?. the casserole dish is rectangular pyrex, and the cake p
Cooking	What are some quick good breakfasts?. I am very nervous in the mornings before school due to anxiety and have extreme nausea th
Cooking	Making baked mac n cheese.I made this once but I forgot how much milk I added.I'm using 1 cup of macaroni.?. Does anyone know h
Cooking	Wow, I received a lot of help with garlic bread, can anyone help with this?. So, I'm making a coffee came and the glaze topping
Cooking	Putting peppermint in plain chobani yogurt?. Would that make it taste like a peppermint yogurt? or would it taste yucky? :-)
Cooking	Mac and cheese without draining?. Alright a little while back, I picked up a box of macaroni and cheese, it instructed to put e
Cooking	Are almonds good for you? If so, what are they good for?
Cooking	Anyone ever tried adding making Chili sweet and spicy?. I wanted to try something new and different. I thought about adding gin
Cooking	Would you enjoy these cookies?. http://recipesfromhome.net/aunt-thelmas-â€¦
Cooking	How much applesauce replaces 2 tbs. of oil.?
Cooking	Adding ground flaxseed to recipe?. I found this recipe for chocolate peanut butter protein balls and would love to add ground f
Cooking	What is The Recipe for School Cafeteria Spaghetti?. hello school cafeteria workers, or anyone who knows what i'm talking about,
Cooking	Is cream of chicken soup considered a meal?. -or a cooking ingredient?
Cooking	What is this recipe for?. I just mixed together plain flour, icing sugar (powdered sugar) and 1 egg and I thought it would make
Cooking	If I make breakfeast burrittos and save them overnight in the fridge will it go bad?. Eggs, potatoes, cheese, etc...  I know it
Cooking	How do I make gravy from scratch?. Okay here is my problem: I have can make sausage gravy, I find that pretty easy. But when it
Cooking	If i cook carrots in a small amount of water with sugar is it carrot confit?. Confit: Confit is a generic term for various kind
Cooking	Need a creative name for a salad?. were trying to think of something creative for a salad on our menu. its has a kinda fast foo
Cooking	Dinner with the following items?. swiss chard, spinach, onions, potatoes, kale and a bag of chicken leg quarters......i have ve
Cooking	What do you do with pawpaws besides just eat them or put them in your pocket?
Cooking	What is the best way to cook fish?. I want to cook mackerel and can't decide weather to use the oven or the microwave? Hope you
Cooking	Long day at work food options?. Is there anything better than a takeaway after a long day at work?
Cooking	Who makes good birthday cakes?. I'm trying to find a place that'll make a good and very nice looking disney cars birthday cake!
Cooking	How can i make a cake in microwave oven that tastes like Betty Crocker's cake (any flavor)?. How can i make a cake in microwave
Cooking	Whats should i have to eat? :)?. today i had; special k with an apple, 2 special k bars, a salad & an apple. when i get home fr
Cooking	What do you think about Smoked salmon blinis?. I was just wondering if Smoked salmon blinis is good starter for a Competition? 
Cooking	Whats the best way of cooking a fillet of salmon?. Any recipe i see online tells me to cook the salmon in some oil over the sto
Cooking	How long should you boil corn?. Also how do you know that the corn is still good in the frig?  I don't remember when I got this
Cooking	Whats the simplest Gravy Recipe?. i love mash potatoes and gravy but i dunno how to make the gravu... my mash potatoes are grea
Cooking	Why let meat come to room temp before cooking?. I've heard this on a number of occasions and wonder about the safety of it, if 
Cooking	How can i cook tasty brocolli?. I go to IHOP once a week and their broccoli while appearing plain is very tasty. At home u put 
Cooking	Can i make general tso's chicken without cornstarch?. I'm doing this pretty spur of the moment, so I'm subiing, and home making
Cooking	Healthy and simple recipes for a beginner?. I have no idea how to cook lol but I need to lose weight and start eating more heal
Cooking	Has anyone invented a bacon wrapped doughnut? or hamburger wraped in bacon?. if you take a plain, or any doughnut, wrap in baco
Cooking	What is a southern vegetarian soup recipe?. i have to find a vegetarian soup for my culinary class because i will be hosting a 
Cooking	Water bottle left in hot car?. I bought a water..drank a third of it and then went to a movie so it was left in a hot car for a
Cooking	Is there any kind of recipe for peanut butter cookies that uses Splenda or any artificial sweetener?. Thank you. My wife has be
Cooking	Am I OVERFILLING my Rice cooker or is this dirt in my rice?. I cook rice most every night.     My rice cooker FOAMS the rice wh
Cooking	How much money do you think it will cost for groceries for a low carb diet per month?. This will be for one person.
Cooking	Noob cooking question?. I always use boneless chicken when cooking with chicken. But I grabbed the wrong bag this time and got 
Cooking	What is a good cat cake recipe? Not store bought mix?. I don't mean to be rude but last time i asked this question i got some a
Cooking	I accidently added the chicken broth too early?. im making this lasagna soup and it said to brown the beef with the onion gree
Cooking	Easy soup and sandwich recipes?. i need good combos for soups and sandwiches. please include a recipe if you can :)
Cooking	Can i use ready made cookie dough for cookie dough brownies?. Hi, im a lover of extravagant desserts but am lazy and a bad cook
Cooking	How to make milk chocolate using white chocolate?. I want to make homemade brownies, but when I went to the store I forgot choc
Cooking	What is a really good chicken recipe?. I want to make some chicken for dinner, but don't have experience with anything other th
Cooking	How should i cook my Tilapia? (Ingredients listed)?. So i'm letting my Tilapia thaw out, and wasn't sure which way to prepare i
Cooking	Undercooked Sausages for Half The Time?. Hi Guys, thanks in advance for at least looking at this question  Basically I bought s
Cooking	Boneless ham leftover recipe?. I made a half of boneless ham for dinner last night and have leftovers. I sliced it very thin on
Cooking	How would you prep a marmot barbecue?
Cooking	How to fry an egg different ways?. I'm a little paranoid of salmonella and I've never fried an egg before but I'm really hungry
Cooking	Have you ever hard boiled your eggs in the oven? Is is so easy.?. For anyone who may not know, the best way to make hard-boile
Cooking	Can i freeze fresh basil?. just cut basil off my plant how do I keep it fresh
Cooking	Are chickpeas a type of bean or a type of pea?
Cooking	What cake can i make which will be easy to cover with icing?. I was going to attempt to make a Tardis cake for my friend who lo
Cooking	Does anyone know recipe for Safeway brand salsa?. I absolutely love Safeway's Southwest salsa- it has beans and corn in it. I h
Cooking	What are the effects of rice bran on quick bread or muffin?. and if these effects are good or bad?
Cooking	Can the wrong flour ruin your baking?. I baked some chocolate chip cookies last month, and they didn't rise really well or bake
Cooking	What should I pack in my lunch?. I'm a sophomore in high school, and only recently have I decided to bring lunch. The past year
Cooking	Why milk gives a golden brown color of the crust in baking?
Cooking	How long do you cook the Ballpark Beef Patties in a 600 watt microwave?. How long do you cook the Ballpark Beef Patties in a 60
Cooking	How do you make home made yeast?. Home made yeast for bread?
Cooking	What can I do with bubble hash butter?. I wanna do something with it. But I have no experience with weed or hash butter whatsoe
Cooking	What to expect during a bakery stage and how can I prepare myself?. I am currently in baking school and I have a stage next wee
Cooking	How to order a Cheesy Double Beef Burrito?. Our Taco Bell back home won't allow me to order the cheesy double beef burrito, but
Cooking	Can I still bake with just a conventional oven?. So I'm moving away from home, and at home I love to bake, but in my new apartm
Cooking	Can I make an Oreo milkshake with an electric whisk or just a whisk?. I do not really have a blender so what can I use instead 
Cooking	What does this mean on ebay?. Right i tried to purchase an item on ebay this afternoon but when i tried to bid on it a message 
Cooking	Is it ok to reuse grease that was used to originally cook fish with to cook chicken in?. Just wondering. x.x
Cooking	What is the difference between salad dressing and infused oil?. Hello, I made a simple oil/garlic/herb mixture to drizzle over 
Cooking	Can I make garlic paste at home, don't really want to go the store just to buy this one item?. If so how do I make it
Cooking	I'm baking a cake and it said to add vegetable oil to the mix. what can i use other than oil?
Cooking	Is a Vitamix blender really worth it?. A friend of mine got one but I only see her make smoothies out of it. I have a kitchen a
Cooking	Taco pizza recipe for tonight?. I want to make a taco pizza tonight. All I have is soft tortillas, taco seasoning mix, ground b
Cooking	Is it ok to freeze butter?
Cooking	Iput too much dijon mustard in a crockpot (slow cooker) chicken casserole ...?. ... the casserole consists of two very large ch
Cooking	If my oven smells like something badly burnt, will it make my cake smell/taste bad too?. I really needed to bake a cake today a
Cooking	How do you put sugar crystals and edible glitter in lollipops?. How do you put sugar crystals and edible glitter into homemade 
Cooking	What can I use this sauce for?. I have three jars of cherry almond sauce from the pampered chef. I have no idea what to do with
Cooking	Why do we say 'make breakfast and 'cook' dinner?. what is the difference  between make and cook for this type of phrase? how ab
Cooking	Sunbeam Quantum 4 sliceToaster?. I have a Sunbeam Quantum Toaster and i need help on the browning setting, if i put it any high
Cooking	Substituting salted butter for baking?. I want to make pinwheel cookies and the recipe calls for 1 cup of unsalted butter and 1
Cooking	What kind of ice cream sandwich is this?. Its called a flying saucer ice cream I think BUT instead of soft cookies on the outsi
Cooking	Is it okay if i drink my nuerosleep even if it wasn't refrigorated?. I always have anxiety about the silliest things and I'm a 
Cooking	How do you make perfect chocolate-dipped bananas?. I want to make chocolate-dipped bananas, and after looking at a few recipes 
Cooking	Do I need to add both milk and greek yogurt in a smoothie?. I'm making a green smoothie in the morning, I am planning on adding
Cooking	Questions about canning salsa?. Lately I've been making salsa for family and friends. I'd like to have some more information on
Cooking	Where to buy gnocchi in Manila?. Where can I buy gnocchi here in Manila, Philippines? Or is there a good restaurant that serves
Cooking	Where I can buy the Real Butter Puff Pastry?. I have been to a lot of super market. Buy they don't sale any real butter puff pa
Cooking	Can i make a mousse out of deer?help!?. make class mate want 50 mousse for  the dance next week but the proeblem is that i have
Cooking	Can I make homemade potato salad without using relish and boiled eggs?. I have mayo, white onions, mustard, pepper, season salt
Cooking	Healthy substitution for burritos or nachos?
Cooking	Can you make cheese in one country and sell it in a different one?. So if you make cheese in Europe can you sell it in America?
Cooking	What is this weird method of cooking?. As this person claims, he puts just a little oil into the pan, stir fries the veggies fo
Cooking	Recipe for delicious easy truffles?. I've been seaching and searching for truffles recipe's..problem is i dont have cream and i
Cooking	What are some good date ideas?. What are some good ideas for a date at home. My boyfriend is coming over and I don't wanna 
Cooking	What happens if you don't rinse and pat dry the chicken with a paper towel before baking it?. I forgot to rinse and pat dry the
Cooking	What are ketchup straws and how do you use them?. I've never seen them in the uk I don't really go out
Cooking	Pork roast still good possibly?. I bought a pork roast the other sdat and accidentelly left it in the fridge for 2 nights and t
Cooking	I bought a canned tuna in vegitable oil is it ready to eat or i have to cook it?
Cooking	What can i make with macaroni salt tea powdered sugar and paprika?
Cooking	Is there anyway to make purple?. I'm baking a rainbow cake. I have red orange yellow green pink and black food colouring just n
Cooking	Which taste better cherries or lemons?. I'm debating with my friend and I don't see how the hell she likes the taste of lemons 
Cooking	Nutella buttercream/icing?. Hi ive just made some devil food cupcakes, ive just tried one n there nice but i would love a nutel
Cooking	What to cook with seared Tuna steaks?. Im going to make dinner for my girlfriend on our anniversary. I decided seared Ahi Tuna 
Cooking	Would this be a meal you would be likely to make to serve your family?. Crock Pot Cheesy Bacon, Tater Tot and Chicken  1 (32 ou
Cooking	How long does pickled eggs last?. I just recently pickled some eggs from the juice of yellow chiles a nice hot pepper as is the
Cooking	Food recipes ideas help?. What are some good easy recipes sites for dinner and like desserts.  Also do you have any favorites o
Cooking	What healthy homemade snacks should I make for my birthday party?. My friend and I are hosting a joint 17th birthday party, and
Cooking	What are you having for tea tonight?. Haha wondering =P
Cooking	Is meatball with cheddar cheese a good matching ?
Cooking	Why are pilchards so much more expensive than they used to be?
Cooking	Has anyone had Nutella with ice cream?. I'm going to have honeycomb ice cream with Nutella, banana and marshmallows later :)! I
Cooking	Banana bread to moist?. 2 cups all-purpose flour     1 teaspoon baking soda            1/4 teaspoon salt                  1/2 c
Cooking	How to make a soft cake in microwave?. I when ever I make it in microwave..I gets so hard :/ really hard that u can't even eat 
Cooking	Is 2 day old uncooked Chicken safe to eat?
Cooking	What meals should I make?. My roomies and I take a different night of the week to cook supper and Im fresh outta ideas! Anythin
Cooking	When making non food items use different measuring items?. For example I plan on making febreze and fabric softener.  The fabri
Cooking	Thin beef strips recipe?. I have thin beef strips, what can i cook? i don't want to do a stir fry, i would like to do something
Cooking	Can you make a light/medium syrup out of brown sugar for canning?. I am going to Can pears tomorrow and my friend wanted to try
Cooking	Seasoning and Spice question?. When did food companies start packaging combined seasoning for individual meals Like taco,chili,
Cooking	Chicken and what for a cooked lunch ?. My brother is a cooked meat and vegetables type of person and I would like suggestions o
Cooking	When will Campbell start selling the Franco original spaghetti?. I don't buy the spaghetti O's and neither do my friends..nothi
Cooking	Any good after school snack ideas?. its kind rainy.. idk im hungry have the normal stuff on hand
Cooking	What can I put on a bagel (BESIDES CREAM CHEESE!)?. I have A LOT of bagels. They're the good ones with cheese on the top, you k
Cooking	How is Tabasco sauce so good?. It feels like a gift from the gods
Cooking	Can you bake a cake in a microwave?. Can you bake a cake/cook one in a microwave? And if so for how long?
Cooking	Culinary schools with football team?. Idk if there is one but I'd like to know
Cooking	Recipe for stuffed baked potatoes in 'make more of vedgetables' by 'st michel cookery libary'?. desperate please help!
Cooking	Is it possible to sweeten a cake that is already baked?. I just baked some chocolate cupcakes for my friends to eat tomorrow. T
Cooking	How long do you bake single cheesecakes?. I've done this recipe like a hundred times, but this time I wanna make small single c
Cooking	What are these fruits?. I was at a frozen yogurt place called Menchies a while back, and put a fruit on my yogurt that I had ne
Cooking	Are styrofoam cup of noodles cups microwave safe?. I need to add hot water to make it, is it save to add the cold water onto th
Cooking	Length of time for burgers on george foreman grill?. how long does it take to cook burgers on the George forman grill
Cooking	Where can u buy glaceau vitamin water in Malaysia?. Where Can i Buy Glaceau Vitamin Water  in Malaysia.??
Cooking	Can you use vanilla ice cream as a salad dressing?. Maybe even topped with chocolate sprinkles? What about as a coleslaw mix? B
Cooking	Can i change oven temperature for different dishes?. I have a cooking exam coming up and im stuck because I just realised I hav
Cooking	Where can i buy sweet potato starch in Manila?
Cooking	Are pumpkin lattes good? If so, do they taste better warm or iced?
Cooking	What are some healthy treats?
Cooking	What can you make using these simple ingredients?. full recipes would be awesome  eggs flour sugar milk butter salt
Cooking	I am doing 8 big burgs, for the guys can i bake/broil instead of bbq and still be yummy?. I have friends coming over,(8) and am
Cooking	Food you would like to know how to cook?. Okay, I've recently started a blog on cooking. And I've shared a good 22 different re
Cooking	Why can't there be square sausages?. I'm sick of round ones rolling on the grill/fry pan when you try turn them over.  Are ther
Cooking	If I over boil spinach, how much nutrients gets in the water?. Our garden spinach is way too strong, it's almost overpowering. 
Cooking	I am baking cookies that say to use parchment paper but I don't have any?. They are just chocolate reeses pieces cookies and be
Cooking	Can you microwave rice? Box/Bag and how?. What type also, I want wholegrain, UncleBens?
Cooking	How to make gravy for poutine?. Ok I'm craving poutine and I wanna make it I'm just gonna deep fry potatoe fries and like grate
Cooking	Need a real life substitute for Nirnroot?. I am going to attempt to make the potage le magnifique from the elder scrolls v skyr
Cooking	Can you make your own steak sauce with Worcestershire sauce?. A1 sauce is so much more expensive.
Cooking	Have you ever tried coconut aminos sauce?. My poor son is allergic to anything dairy or soy based. I just seen a recipe that su
Cooking	How long can cooked chicken be in a fridge and still be good?. We had cooked chicken legs a day ago and the ones we didn't eat 
Cooking	Does anyone know Coop Devilles ranch chicken wings recipe?. I am addicted to their ranch wings and I would love to make them. D
Cooking	Theres like no food in my house and im really hungry? What can i make with these?. Okay my mom is a single mom and its becoming
Cooking	Can you add shrimp to water before bringing to a boil?. Were having a debate about whether the water needs to be boiling before
Cooking	Isn't dunkin donuts suppose to do egg whites?. So my bf went up there and said they don't have it.  So lol why would they have 
Cooking	Anyone know a good authentic indian fried bread recipe?. Please add directions
Cooking	What is a basic cookie recipe that uses few ingredients?. I have baking powder, flour, sugar, olive oil and some other ingredie
Cooking	Can I subsitute flour for cornstarch when making apple pie filling?. I went apple picking and I am going to be making a lot of 
Cooking	Is this bread healthy, for toast and sandwiches?. http://caloriecount.about.com/calories-country-harvest-sprouted-wheat-bread-i
Cooking	Can you put plastic in the microwave?. I have a yoghurt pot that i think is made of plastic, Cadbury Flake one.  And i was just
Cooking	Make chili from scratch?
Cooking	Will marshmallow frosting get hard if I store it over night?!?. I'm making cupcakes for my friends birthday tomorrow with marsh
Cooking	Making a personalized cookbook online?. I have a bunch of recipes saved on pinterest.com and I want to make a cookbook. I have 
Cooking	Was Southern Fried Chicken the sole inspiration behind KFC?. Southern Fried Chicken was the basic staple food for a lot of Afri
Cooking	Can you tell me Secret To A Yummy And Healthy Chocolate?. Can you tell me Secret To A Yummy And Healthy Chocolate?
Cooking	Recipe Help: What Makes Brownies 'Fudgy', as Opposed to 'Cake-Like'?. I am using this recipe for Zucchini Brownies:  http://kid
Cooking	How a cool melted chocolate while it's still warm without it seizing up or going hard?
Cooking	I'm going to make salmon rissoles.what ingredients should I buy?
Cooking	How long are cracked eggs good for?. I accidentally dropped a tray of eggs and 6 of them cracked. I immediately put it back in 
Cooking	What kind of cheese is le best for preparing tacos????
Cooking	What is the difference between broccoli rabb and broccolini?
Cooking	Having Dorset Cereals at school?. Since I never have had breakfast, I wish to bring cereal to school (until I get told off) and
Cooking	How long do you bake Toll House chocolate chip cookies?. What temperature do you pre-heat them at. The chocolate chip cookies y
Cooking	Bkers please help: Betty Crocker Cookies question?. Can I bake the cookie mix into one giant cookie? I would love to do that, b
Cooking	What are your secrets to gaining lots of weight? Describe your diet and cooking recipes to gain weight?
Cooking	Clear residue peeling off my pan when i cooking mac and cheese?. what was it? has this happend to anyone before
Cooking	Should milk curdle when heated for homemade yoghurt?. I tried to make my own yoghurt for the first time this morning and I heat
Cooking	Can I color my fondant while making it?. I want to start making my own fondant and I am curious about coloring it. Can I add co
Cooking	What type of bourbon to make bourbon chicken?. I am not familiar with this recipes, I wish to make a good bourbon chicken, a ne
Cooking	A conplicated food dish to impress someone?. Complicated but not too complicated. I really wanna impress my band tomorow c: oh 
Cooking	Can someone please help understand these cake recipe directions?. I want to make this recipe but I don't understand some of the
Cooking	What to expect while training as a cook at a high quality restaurant?. I have an interview at Kruse and Muer today for a back o
Cooking	Why is gas station chicken so delicious?
Cooking	What's the best dessert to make his heart race?
Cooking	What to batter my chicken wings with...?. I have chicken wings in the fridge that have garlic powder, onion powder, salt and pe
Cooking	Dessert that gets his heart racing?. I want to win this guys heart ;) any ideas?
Cooking	Should I put the screen that fell into water in an un cooked rice?
Cooking	What do you do with silverside eye steak?. We're thinking of just frying this stuff up like a porterhouse steak but is that wha
Cooking	How to make Nutella cookies in microwave?. I can't use the oven. I know the ingredients and the prep and all, but how long do I
Cooking	Is it true pork is so delicious ?
Cooking	How does the market make their cupcakes so moist and soft?
Cooking	I left a sealed container of cooked turkey bolognese on the counter overnight, is it still good?. I just put it in the freezer 
Cooking	What kind or brand of cookie dough doesn't rise in the oven?
Cooking	Will you turn vegan/vegetarian after watching this video?. http://www.meat.org/  Spread the word!   Thanks.
Cooking	Can I freeze apple pie filling?. I went apple picking and I have way too many apples.  I already made apple bread, pies tarts a
Cooking	What will happen if I don't add baking powder?. I am making Funnel cakes and the recipe calls for baking powder. What happen if
Cooking	How to can stewed tomatoes?
Cooking	I already have butter in the recipe....What do I do?. I am making sugar cookies and I don't use shortening, (never have, never 
Cooking	How to oven cook a cornish hen in oven?. in a roaster in kit stove oven
Cooking	What is the best home made sugar free cookies you baked?. BA: Do you have the Recipe?  I have made these oatmeal, chocolate chi
Cooking	What are some foods that are okay if not refrigerated?. I'm stuck at school from 8:30 to 7 and I get really realllly hungry. I 
Cooking	Any online butcher shops?. There are none here in San Diego that I like. Has anyone used an online butcher shop
Cooking	How do you make a quick and sinple lemon mousse cake? (without cheese)?. I've noticed in such a cake, alot of eggs are required
Cooking	Really nice recipes for pudding?. Quick and easy to make
Cooking	Am I able to grill a chimichanga?. Tonight I decided to make chicken chimichangas. I grilled all of the ingredients, and I'm re
Cooking	Https://www.google.co.th/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=2&ved=0CDgQFjAB&url=http%3A%2F%2Fanswers.yahoo?. Cornstarch WHa
Cooking	What's your best pumpkin soup recipe?. Am currently searching for pumpkin soup recipes, but there are hundrets of variations! w
Cooking	How do you make sure you don't throw any grocery (produce included) away as a person living/?. /eating alone before it goes bad
Cooking	What is wrong with raw cake batter?. the cake mix i now have says DO NOT EAT RAW cake batter, I just wanted to know why does it
Cooking	Vegan Chocolate.....?. I wanna make vegan chocolate at home, and i found the ingredients. You need cacao powder, coconut oil an
Cooking	Food with a lot of calories?. This may sound dumb, but I only weigh 110 and I'm sick of being skinny because I'm almost too ski
Cooking	Which frosting/icing do you think would taste the best with lemon cupcakes?. I don't have choices to give. That's your job.
Cooking	Chocolate cake recipe calls for shortening. Can I use veg. shortening?. Or does it have to be some other kind?
Cooking	Quick health meals for two adults and a 2 year old...?. We often have fish, chips and peas Sausage mash and vegetables Casserol
Cooking	What kinds of smoothies do you like to make?
Cooking	What fruit shall I put in my pie?. It's for school and it can't take more than 1 hour to make. I don't want anything sour like 
Cooking	Share your recipes please?. over the past several years I have had trouble with store food. Anything prepackaged or with preser
Cooking	Is it just me or is jewl oscos long stick of bread the best ever!?
Cooking	Cheap meal to make for under $3?. For a church activity tonight we're doing this thing where we get about $3 and are set loose 
Cooking	Recipe for cheddar popcorn?. Links are also fine.
Cooking	How long do you cook a sams choice boneless spiral sliced hickory smoked ham?. Its boneless and it said that the price/LB IS 3.
Cooking	How to make a cold sandwich?. I want to make a cold sandwich with ham, vegetable, cheese but I don't weather ham need to cook o
Cooking	Boiling corned beef brisk?. It's not big it's 3 lbs and it's been boiling for almost two hours how much longer until it's done?
Cooking	Is Velveeta the best cheese to use for homemade macaroni and cheese?
Cooking	What exactly is halva and how do you prepare it?. i have a brick of halva but i don't know what to do with it. is it already pr
Cooking	Chicken noodle casserole?. Made with Campbell soup
Cooking	How to tell if my bread's really wholemeal?. i've been trying to lay off the white flour and i've switched to purchasing wholem
Cooking	I'm making cupcakes for my fiancÃ© what if I take out this ingredient?. As it says I'm making cupcakes and the recipe calls for 
Cooking	How to tell if cookie dough is still good?. I have this store bought  cookie dough, the expiration date is set for sept. 13. It
Cooking	Easy and healthy recipes for carrot & coriander soup?. I'm looking for quick healthy recipes for a nice tasty carrot & coriande
Cooking	Any ideas for using an abundance of small yellow tomatoes?. I forget the name in the catalog but they are about the size of pin
Cooking	Have you tried Ryvita with milk?. I just wanted to know if anyone had ever tried the 'Original Ryvita's' with milk, kind of lik
Cooking	Will lemons lose it's nutrients over time?. I have lemons that I use for skin care and they are cut up into quarters. They're a
Cooking	Is ground beef is ok if it turned brown in the fridge?. I about it about a month ago and put it in the freezer and I think late
Cooking	How doe the smell of 1)onion 2)vanilla 3)clove oil change in a)acids b)bases 3)neutral substances?. They are olfactory indicato
Cooking	How many noodles are in a can of Campbell's chicken noodle soup ?
Cooking	Does eating raw flour make you sick?. If I am making a recipe I found online (pinterest) that calls for flour, and the recipe i
Cooking	Trying to make beef stew. just browned the beef cubes (but think i did it wrong. i crowded my pan and used med?. *medium heat w
Cooking	Toddler will only eat carbs and sugar. I feel like a bad mom. Want to cry?. Hi there,   Im a mom of a two year old toddler. He 
Cooking	Does broccoli give you gas?
Cooking	What do they call the paper boots used on lamb racks?
Cooking	How long does it take to bake a Twinkie?
Cooking	How do I make Mexican style (Reynaldo's brand) creamy rice pudding?. I've developed an addiction to the Reynaldo's brand creamy
Cooking	Recipe to make a steak that looks like a cake (gluten free)?. Does anyone know? And have it taste decently good... like a good 
Cooking	Does anybody have a invitation code to graze box the monthly subscription box?. i want it really bad but i don't know anybody t
Cooking	When you make beef stew, is it the lower the stove fire setting the better?. as low as it can possibly get but you still see bl
Cooking	Is cooked cabbage high fiber?
Cooking	What should i serve with rosemary crackers?. I'm making beet and rosemary crackers for an event, and I don't really know what t
Cooking	When do mince pies go on sale?. I was wondering when they actually hit the shelf's along with everything else? I had done some 
Cooking	Im cooking penne pasta and i put it in water before it boiled its been 25 minutes?. I dont have enough to start all over how ca
Cooking	Anyone used taco media?
Cooking	What kind of cheese do I use for a cheese fondue?
Cooking	How can I make ice cream without an ice cream maker?. I don't have an ice cream maker :( Do you guys have any ingredients?
Cooking	Does salting fresh food add less sodium than eating processed food?. I read this on the side of a salt-shaker. I don't know if 
Cooking	7 letter burger ingredients beginning with c?
Cooking	Paleo Recipe Book Review â€“ Scam or Legit?. This cookbook contains recipes that include ingredients such as fish, pork, red meat
Cooking	How can I make the top cover of an ice cream sandwhich?. The link of the picture is below: https://www.google.com/search?client
Cooking	I forgot cheese and remember its in my car back for 2 days and its so hot does its spoiled?
Cooking	If 2 and 4 5ths of flour makes 12 muffins how many cups of flour will make 6 muffins? ESTIMATE!?
Cooking	Does any one else think waitrose essential butter is disgusting?. I was eating toast and started to gag when I got that weird m
Cooking	Anyone got any tasty wheat free lunch ideas?. I'm not so good with wheat, it irritates my ibs but end up eating it when I'm out
Cooking	The best and most delicious food can know the name?. name food
Cooking	How much lemon juice do you need for lemon sherbet?. I am trying to make lemon sherbet but some recipes say you need half a lit
Cooking	Can i reduce store bought fruit preserves?. Hello! Well i want to fill a cake with this pineapple apricot preserves that i boug
Cooking	Is making crystaline ginger very hard?. just boiling in sugar water? Why doesn't it come out soggy?
Cooking	How do you make a egg and cress sandwich?
Cooking	Looking for a recipe for mexican stewed chicken drumsticks?. I ate a dish not too long ago that was like a stew with chicken dr
Cooking	If I soak 20 min grits overnight, will I be able to reduce the overall cooking time?. To maybe 10-15 mins
Cooking	What should I bake on top of chicken breasts?. What I have on hand: Canned stewed tomatoes, onions, garlic, white wine...any id
Cooking	Can you prepare Betty Crocker Supreme Bars Cookie Brownie in cupcakes?. I bought a box of Betty Crocker Cookie Brownie Bars but
Cooking	Would you find these cookies pleasing?. NO BAKE - Cream Cheese, Coconut, Snowball's Recipe  1 package (8 ounces) cream cheese, 
Cooking	What can I add to pillsburry strawberry frosting to make it into hard paste?. im making rice krispie treats for my baby shower 
Cooking	How many ingredients are found in a Twinkie?
Cooking	Is there any recipe that includes chicken, rice, potatoes, and broccoli?
Cooking	What does it mean when i have liquid on top of pudding?. I had made some pudding from one of those jello pudding deals and i ha
Cooking	What's a good gift idea for someone who likes pop tarts...?
Cooking	Is it safe to fry pork chops and chicken in the same pot together?
Cooking	Have You Ever Bought, Cracked & Eaten A Coconut?. A few months ago i got back into coconuts that i've eaten on and off all my l
Cooking	Who else likes pork fat?. I love to eat the fat on my pork chops.  There are 2 stores that I shop at, and I won't buy pork chop
Cooking	Can I set a chocolate marquise in a silicon cake mold and be able to remove it without it losing its shape?
Cooking	Poll: What does a home cooked meal mean to you?. I am a college student writing a paper for school about home cooking. I want t
Cooking	I need a good recipe for a potluck w/ out meat or milk?. I'm going to a potluck in October for Canadian thanks giving. I'm goin
Cooking	Food (not drink) recipes that include chamomile?. I'm looking for recipes that include chamomile tea in a food, rather than in 
Cooking	Pls help reg Hard Rock cafe, Mumbai?. What is the entry charge for Hard Rock night club. Me and my group of friends (All boys) 
Cooking	Milk substitute in pancake mix?. So I want to make Aunt Jemima brand pancakes and the mix calls for 3/4 cup milk. I don't have 
Cooking	What should I cook with green peppers?. I grew like 20 green peppers this summer and I have no idea what to cook with them. All
Cooking	What are some smoothie recipes?. I'm looking for some really good fruit smoothie recipes.They don't have to be healthy or anyth
Cooking	Storing cold potatoes for later consumption?. How do I store boiled potatoes to eat the next day? Is it as simple as cooking th
Cooking	Does heinz make tomato juice?. Have never seen heinz tomato juice in the markets
Cooking	How do you make and purify gelatin from collagen to use in desserts?
Cooking	Thawing chicken in hot water?. I've been thawing chicken in hot water for about 2 weeks. I'm not a chef, I didn't know it was h
Cooking	How difficult is it to turn a cooked chicken into chicken pate?. Pate is a favourite food of mine and the supermarket versions 
Cooking	What is a Good cheese to shred for Tacos?. cheddar or buffalo mozzerella or swiss or colby
Cooking	How to make mcdonalds strawberry and cream cheese pie?
Cooking	Can I make a chicken egg into?. a real live chicken?  I want a pet chicken in my backyard ;)
Cooking	What is the best way to cook ribeye without a grill?. I have 2 ribeye steaks I want to cook and I don't have a working grill ri
Cooking	Coconut macaroon problems?. I used this recipie: http://www.tasteofhome.com/Recipes/First-Place-Coconut-Macaroons?cpi=4&sort=2 
Cooking	Why is the jalebi and imarti I make is not crispy?. Jalebis are sometimes like rubber and Imarti is not crispy. It is soft or t
Cooking	Would this be a soup you would eat?. CHEESEBURGER SOUP This soup is insanely delicious!  Ingredients Â½ pound ground beef (use 1
Cooking	Do you think it would taste good if I.......?. Do you think it would taste good if I mixed red pasta sauce with white alfredo s
Cooking	USDA - How much meat in a hamburger patty is MEAT?. I have just cooked and enjoyed an 85% Ground Round beef patty for lunch.  -
Cooking	What is your Carbonara or alfredo recipe?
Cooking	What's the international symbol for lasagna?. I'm having dinner guests of a few different nationalities over tonight and am pre
Cooking	Making pasta, help please?. I dont know anything about cooking. im making pasta woth white sauce. what flour should i use in th
Cooking	How to cook paneer quickly in microwave while retaining its nutrition?. I am an 18 year old guy and I don't know much about coo
Cooking	Italian soda recipe using milk (instead of half and half) and sprite instead of soda water?. I'm on a budget and I already have
Cooking	Do you cook the skin that's on the pumpkin or do you have to peal it?. It is so hard to peal if I do not cook it first.  Tips p
Cooking	How do I preheat an electric convection oven?. Hi guys. So I just got a new electric convection oven, those tabletop ones. I wa
Cooking	What do they use to make shapes and designs on cupcakes or cakes ?. Its like clay that they can cut and use to top a cupcake or
Cooking	Does anyone know a really good chocolate frosting recipe?. I don't have a sugar thermometer, and doubtless can't afford one (my
Cooking	Can I home can my homemade tomato sauce?. Do I have to have a special recipe? I was planning on just putting some lemon juice i
Cooking	Recipe ideas please, trying out new things?. I recently abandoned vegetarianism, at least for now after a very very long time. 
Cooking	Can you freeze chocolate syrup?. the kind of chocolate syrup you put on ice-cream, can you freeze it?  I want to make chocolate
Cooking	HOW MUCH SHOULD I CHARGE FOR THIS CAKE?. She wants a Rangers Coloured T-Shirt cake , to cater 20 people and her budget is Â£45. 
Cooking	Help creating an eye catching cupcake/cakes bakery name?. For the past month I've been trying to come up with a cute cupcake/ca
Cooking	Does this dunkin donuts muffin have ginger in it?. does dunkin donuts new pumpkin muffin have ginger in it? or the pumpkin donu
Cooking	Are carbohydrates made out of monosaccharides?
Cooking	Have I messed up my tiramisu or will it be ok?. Just.  Made a tiramisu and the recipe said to whisk the egg yolks with the suga
Cooking	Simple recipes for a pescitarian?. I turned pescitarian around 4 months ago and i was wondering if there are any simple easy re
Cooking	What kind of burrito would you make for a contest?. there are two awards.. tastiest and most creative   It must be 100% edible
Cooking	Can someone tell me where to buy Southwestern Ranch dressing from Buffalo Wild Wings? I would die for some!!?. I can't find any
Cooking	What is vanilla creamer?. I want to make a cake batter frappucino at home and one of the ingredients is '3oz of vanilla creamer
Cooking	Does anyone have a recipe for........?. Home made onion rings like the ones at a&w but u can make them at home? Thanks :)
Cooking	Cooking with liquid smoke any tips?. I'm going to try cooking with liquid smoke and I was wondering if there is any tips would 
Cooking	Would this seasoning mix be good on roast sweet potatoes and carrots?. Salt, pepper, paprika, and cumin?   I put an equal amoun
Cooking	Who likes manchow soup here ?
Cooking	How big should my meals be?. I want to lose weight, so I'm trying to cut down the size of my potions/meals, but how small shoul
Cooking	How much onions do I use to season?. One cup of beans
Cooking	What should I make with Mexican rice?. I made this Mexican rice one time and it was really good. I have this great recipe that 
Cooking	Simple white garlic sauce recipe?
Cooking	Defrosting mince meat?. I've put 750g of British steak mince meat in the microwave to defrost for 22 minutes. Is this safe? I w
Cooking	My Experience with Cooking Steak?. So at the First The Meat Was Red And when i Putted it into the Pot it turned into White and 
Cooking	I just had a baked red potato...?. I put some unsalted  butter and sea salt with fresh cracked black pepper. So simple, but abs
Cooking	How can i make cinnamon syrup without cinnamon sticks?. i want to make syrups for home-made cappuccinoes
Cooking	What appetizer or hors d'oeuvres can I make without meat, cheese, or mushrooms?. Something to serve at a party that can be eate
Cooking	Can I eat dip that's been left out overnight?. I accidentally left out store bought 'Herb and Spice' chip dip last night. When 
Cooking	Does bananna oatmeal taste good?. I mean plain rolled oats with half of a mashed bananna mixed in it
Cooking	How do you cook dry spaghetti in a microwave?
Cooking	Making gypsy tart for school for 24 but small slices, can't find how to make the crust, please help!?. I have found some recipe
Cooking	What's the quickest but still safe way to prepare raw carrots?. What I do is pour water on one and get the upper layer of the c
Cooking	How do i cook sweet potatoes?
Cooking	What delights to you like to place in your Pitta Bread?
Cooking	Do some cooking oils reach different temperatures in the oven or pan and affect cooking rate?
Cooking	How long does it take to cook ribs at 250?
Cooking	I only have 1 cup of milk for hamburger helper?. I'm making hamburger helper (cheeseburger macaroni) and it calls for 2 cups of
Cooking	How to prepare chicken thighs?
Cooking	Can I cook a whole chicken that's still partially frozen?. Last night I pulled a chicken from the freezer and stuck it in the f
Cooking	I need a substitute for grounded new mexico chiles?. any advice
Cooking	Easy question please help.?. Give three reasons to why you can't just throw all ingredients into the pot at once and boil?
Cooking	I bought some Ghee and when I got home I took off the plastic and found out the lid was broken?. I bought some Ghee (clarified 
Cooking	What are 3 foods that are good with Tomato sauce?
Cooking	Asparagus, please read?. My neighbor just gave me a flat of asparagus starts. I'm not sure what to do with them at this time of
Cooking	Finding 25g on my asda weighing scales?. Here is a picture to help. http://i843.photobucket.com/albums/zz356/roxymarshall28/DSC
Cooking	How to make vanilla oil using vanilla essence?. Is it possible
Cooking	Can I use vegetable oil to fry oreos?. I already have the pancake mix and oreos but I don't have a deep frier so I'll have to u
Cooking	How many calories would be in 1/4 a cup of the Maple buttter sause poured over a Blonde brownie at applebees?. I know how much 
Cooking	I love English mustard. Does anyone have a recipe using it?
Cooking	What are the health effects of excessive baking soda in cup cakes?. I accidentally substituted baking soda for baking powder. A
Cooking	Can I use a metal pan instead of a casserole dish?. I do not have a casserole dish and I am planning on cooking Texas Hash toni
Cooking	What type of bread is the best to buy at a local bakery to make sub sandwiches (similar to subway?)?
Cooking	What is the difference between chef and cook?. is it rank, is it the same thing or different altogether
Cooking	Hi there im thinking about making a mushroom soup?. hi there,iv been thinking about making a mushroom soup on sunday for a fami
Cooking	Are slow cookers more economical than cooking on the hob or in the oven?. We're veggies so don't cook loads in the oven, but to
Cooking	Cooking chicken in the microwave?. I want to make chicken pizza but I need to know if I can cook a piece of chicken partly in t
Cooking	Can I eat chicken soup that's been left out overnight?. It was left on the stove with the lid on. I went to go make cereal, saw
Cooking	I'm vegetarian, what are some healthy meals that I could try?. I'm trying to start eating a lot healthier than I am now.  I wou
Cooking	I made changes to a recipe. Does it seem alright?. This is the original recipe: http://www.bbcgoodfood.com/recipes/8049/prawn-s
Cooking	Brownie in a mug question...?. You know the brownie in a mug recipe that goes around the internet?  (If you don't, it's here:) 
Cooking	Is my GreenPan still safe after burn?. My grandmother burned my GreenPan, I'm not sure with what, though. I'm guessing butter. 
Cooking	What food will go with Ragu sauce?. Hey, I am looking for something to go with Ragu sauce, I have to be able to cook it in one 
Cooking	What if I'm addicted to chocolate?. Is there any effect sir?
Cooking	Spinach smoothie? How to make it?. okay I want to make a spinach smoothie but dont exactly know how. do I put spinach strawberr
Cooking	What to make with leftover chocolate?. I just made a chocolate glaze for some donuts i made, and i have a bunch of leftover cho
Cooking	How long can a cake stay out in room temperature?. Its chocolate cake with hard frosting all around it. Its just one slice. I t
Cooking	How to layer frosting over ganache filling?. There is this cake i want to make which is vanilla cake with tiramisu butter cream
Cooking	Is coconut milk fattening in thai dishes?
Cooking	How to make good dumpling,s to put in a casserole?. I think flour shortning ??????
Cooking	How much did you pay for your last pork butt and how many pounds was it?
Cooking	When should I frost my cupcakes?. I'm planning to bake 75 cupcakes ( boxed mix) on Friday night, to be served Saturday noon. Do
Cooking	What's good food?. Pizza
Cooking	How to cut a piece of cake without being obvious?. Ok, so i made a cake for my class party tomorrow, but it came out looking di
Cooking	Vitamix or Blendtec for smaller amounts?. I usually only blend single servings at a time. It will probably be used most often f
Cooking	I like to go and eat a rare steak sandwich in front of a vegetarian store. Is that naughty?
Cooking	Is Boboli Pizza so easy to cook like 1 2 3?. i want know if i am making a Pizza like Boboli Pizza then can make it at home. act
Cooking	What can I make with this?. I hve half a cup of beef consomme..is there a recipe I can make using this?
Cooking	How do i make english muffin pizza?
Cooking	How do i mix a hamburger without it breaking when i cook it?. how do i mix a hamburger without it breaking when i cook it? i tr
Cooking	My special k challenge says to have 1 bowl of cereal?. On my plan on the website it doesn't say to have two bowls. It says have
Cooking	What is the difference between a mini muffin pan and a mini cupcake pan?
Cooking	How do you make a pillow pet soft and fluffy again?. Today I washed my pillow pet in the washer. I put him in a pillowcase and 
Cooking	On a scale of 1-10 how good do chocolate chip cookies sound right now?
Cooking	How many cups are in 2 lbs of flour?. I bought a 2 lb. bag of flour to bake some bread. But, then I realized that the recipe ca
Cooking	What are some ideas for healthy lunches and snacks I can take with me?. I'm in university and this semester I have three back t
Cooking	If you get a filling instead of a crown there shouldnt be a problem right?. The dentist was saying a filling can't be moistened
Cooking	Pasta sause recipie needed?. I need a recipie for a sause for ab 18yrarold girl competing in a triathelon. It needs to have the
Cooking	What is Denny's ranch dressing?. I love Denny's ranch dressing, everyone online says it's the hidden valley packet but the issu
Cooking	Has anyone ever tried these recipes?. http://www.squidoo.com/fixing-ruined-broâ€¦  I have a lot of left over brownie, and here ar
Cooking	What should i have yogurt with grapes or cereal with apples?. for breakfast i had special k with an apple. for lunch i had a ha
Cooking	Any simple creampuff recipe?. i'd like to make a cream puff with custard filling. any simple recipe i can use from the communit
Cooking	How to make my own chipotle?. The bowl with steak, corn, lettuce everything yum
Cooking	What should I make for dinner?. I have 15$ and some rice lol I need to make food for 4 people
Cooking	Can you freeze grated parmisean cheese?. I have a whole piece of parmigiano reggiano that has an expiration date of Sept 28th. 
Cooking	How Healthy is this: Subways?. Italian Bread Oven-Roasted Chicken Cheddar Cheese Spinach, Tomatoes, Green Pepper, Olives Mustar
Cooking	Baking a box chocolate cake?. I have been craving a chocolate cake like FOREVER!! The recipe calls for 1/2 cup of oil and Idont
Cooking	What other way can i bake a cake with out using betty crocker?. I wanna make a cake for my sons bday party but I dnt wanna use 
Cooking	Help cooking chicken wings?. I have some spices that you use for the chicken in a bag and i was wondering if you could use th
Cooking	Who all likes a fried spam with egg sandwich?. I am fixin to indulge in one...lol
Cooking	Is there any food that you cook at 900 degrees(Fahrenheit)?. Me and my cousin looked it up on ask.com and Google, but we couldn
Cooking	Can you eat butternut with fruit rot?
Cooking	Have you tried steaming cakes?. i haven't tried it, please give me some tips/ tricks on steaming cakes.
Cooking	Have you ever added pears to your apple crisp for more flavor?
Cooking	What do you like best with beef stroganoff to complete the meal?
Cooking	Do i need a bigger baking sheet?. well I bought a double griddle baking sheet it was about 45 so not too expensive but im a col
Cooking	Going to give a presentation on cooking.?. hi i am going to do a presentation on cooking. it is just for 5-7 mins. can anyone r
Cooking	DOES canned TUNA in watet contain FISH OIL?. The last person did NOT ANSWER my damned question properly its a yes or no?
Cooking	I demand waffles pl0x!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?. I have never had a waffle. Gif me recipe. Plz
Cooking	Favorite things to put on a turkey sandwich?. I don't have any bread but I have wraps. I also have a ton of sandwich stuff sinc
Cooking	Do I have to that special round pan for angel food cake?. I'm looking into recipes for angel food cake because my son has aller
Cooking	What is meant by cooking time may vary according to microwave rating ?. 10 POINTS THANKS :))
Cooking	What should i cook for dinner?. i have no idea what to cook tonight want to change it up, my mother lives with us and my husban
Cooking	List some Puerto Rican foods and deserts?
Cooking	Can I clarify butter in the microwave?
Cooking	W/d dog food canned how to keep fresh?. We keep the canned w/d in the frig and it turns black on the edges ,is this bad?
Cooking	How to correctly use silicon muffin cups?. I was given two sets of those silicon muffin cups as gifts. I tried to use them a fe
Cooking	Can I eat sausages that went out of date 2 days ago ?
Cooking	How do I cook a sweet potato?. I'm new at cooking and i've always wanted to try a sweet potato. How do I cook it? What ways CAN
Cooking	What goes good with hamburger helper?. I've made it with green beans.. I was thinking about baked beans but idk.. What goes goo
Cooking	Can I make chicken noodle soup with chicken tenderloins?. I know that most of the time people prefer to use chicken breast but 
Cooking	Why am i always hungry?
Cooking	Does anyone know the ORIGINAL recipe for Orange Julius?. There are so many on the web, and my son and I live far from a stand
Cooking	Can you pre-make rissotto and then re-heat it?. i want to make mushroom rissotto but wont have time to cook it to order, can i 
Cooking	What recipes can I make with leftover breaded chicken tenders?. I had a few people over for game day today and there's a ton of
Cooking	Frosting help? white chocolate emergency!?. so i need to have white chocolate frosting for these cupcakes im making, but i real
Cooking	Is it cheaper to make brown sugar than buy it?. I know how to make it. Just is it cheaper to make than buy?
Cooking	How do I exactly bake a sweet potato?. Please tell me, I bought 4 of them of accident (don't ask how) How do I cook them? Pleas
Cooking	How to make a cute cake for my boyfriend someone help??:)?. My boyfriends birthday is October 10th he gonna be 17 and I want to
Cooking	How to make peanut (from a jar) crunchy, solid, almost dried out?. So I like making little sandwiches with peanut, something li
Cooking	How long to cook a lobster?
Cooking	How long does it take biscuits to cook when they're covered in gravy?. I hope it's ok to not cook them separately. :-(
Cooking	Can raw pork and chicken touch each other while preparing for the grill?. For example;can they  be on the same plate while seas
Cooking	What are some good Recipes?. That is NOT from All recipes.com.I can easily look up recipes on their..Looking for something uniq
Cooking	Has any on made pear butter is it any good?
Cooking	Any recipes with fruits?. I'm trying to eat healthier so if anyone knows any healthy recipes with fruits, i would love to hear 
Cooking	Would this cupcake recipe/flavours work?. I'm making cupcakes for my friends birthday and I wanted to put a hello kitty face on
Cooking	What does lavender taste like?. I found a recipe for lavender cupcakes which includes dried lavender blended and put in the cak
Cooking	Butter crea, or whipping? cake decor pls help?. hey guys I need some help,  im going to be making a fruit and cream cake for a 
Cooking	Is possible to remove fat and cholesterol from eggs with a blender?. I eat 3 eggs worth of egg beaters per day and it is starti
Cooking	Can i just add cream cheese to brownies in the batter?. im making a gluten free version of cream cheese brownies so i have a br
Cooking	How do you make chili thicker?. I'm making Western Chili for dinner and the sauce is really thin, I'd like to thicken it up a b
Cooking	Would cream cheese and bacon go good in a bell pepper?. bacon bits and cream cheese roasted in a bell pepper
Cooking	Recipes for large groups?. I have 3 young children and run my own business (the kind that doesn't stop for the holidays, unfort
Cooking	Nutella cooking ideas please?. I'm going to attempt Nutella pancakes and ice cream tomorrow, any other ideas for this so called
Cooking	What is the name of the damn bug which infiltrates into my flour bags and procreates?. I have been troubled by these insects fo
Cooking	How can I wash off my food colouring dip dye?. I need to take off my food colouring dip dye quick  Thanks,
Cooking	What's better for dinner, rice or not rice?. i like rice
Cooking	Can someone explain why you would use zest and not just juice?. Obviously the zest serves a good purpose, but what does it do t
Cooking	Cranberry rhubarb white chocolate cream cheese muffin RECIPE EXIST?. I want to make that but cannot find a recipe?  What are fa
Cooking	Candy Melts at Walmart?!?!?. how much do they cost and can you find them at any Walmart? is it true they cost 10 dollars or is 
Cooking	How to melt yellow american cheese?. I need to make 2 cups. Please help. 10pts????????
Cooking	Is it alright to boil the chicken first before frying? 10 points!?. Okay! So I literally have no idea how to cook but I want to
Cooking	Best voluminious, puffy,moist coffee cake recipe!?:)?. I'm looking for a good aerated coffee cake which is moist and tastes rea
Cooking	How to turn tikka into masala?. I have a tikka paste , natural yogurt and boneless chicken pieces.   How do I turn that into ti
Cooking	Can you cut boneless lamb leg in little pieces and fry it up like you could do to beef ?. I was given a boneless lamb leg and n
Cooking	I plan to make a skillet dish with ground beef, rice, mushrooms & onions/bell peppers...?. What else should I add?
Cooking	Are pot noodles low GI?
Cooking	Why is it important to blend the starch with cold liquid before cooling?. also... when you are making a Lemon Meringue Pie, do 
Cooking	Do you think the cooking show Trisha's Southern Kitchen is boring?. I just can't stand it.
Cooking	Can you use iron cook ware on the glass stove top?. When the stove was being installed the man said that you could not use an i
Cooking	What happens to a starch mixture on cooling?
Cooking	How to make cook tuna?
Cooking	I need a healthy easy dinner, something under 400 calories or around there, like chicken & stir fry?. please have it be somethi
Cooking	Can I grill them..........................â€¦. I want to cook Aubergines and Courgettes for a Ratatouille tonight BUT I don't wan
Cooking	What is the nicest breakfast treat lemon honey buns,orange spice muffins or banana nut bread ?. B/Q coffee ,tea, cocoa or orang
Cooking	Is this chicken safe?. So my fiance took out a whole chicken from the freezer to thaw...and it sat in the sink in cold water fo
Cooking	Tips for being a picky eater in college?. I'm 26 years old & don't have the best diet now. I stick to easy food to make like ho
Cooking	How do you dress up your hamburger lots of condiments or just cheese an ketchup?
Cooking	Need help with cooking!?. I am a typical teenager in the respect I am horrendous at cooking! My parents are away but left a coo
Cooking	Food: For how long is a bag of dry rice good for use?. If old rice does not smell fresh, could it still be okay if it is washed
Cooking	My toaster is picky???. It only toasts white bread ): when I put my wheat bread In there it just pops it out like in one second
Cooking	What should I dip steamed artichoke in?. I've never had artichoke before. I'm not even sure if I'll want sauce, but I've heard 
Cooking	Salsa applebees rest. to hot what can i put in to?. I put in to make milder
Cooking	4 tablespoons equals how many cups?
Cooking	Coco curry packet instructions?. My question is for anyone who has bought/ tasted/ experienced Coco Ichibanya packets.  My husb
Cooking	Buying cupcakes online cheap?. My birthday party is in 2 weeks. I'm looking for a website that sells plain frosted cupcakes for
Cooking	Have you ever made a Key Lime pie at home?. Is it just best tasting pie?
Cooking	Can I substitute vegetable shortening for vegetable oil?. Can I substitute vegetable shortening for oil in boxed brownie mix?
Cooking	What is the answer to this question?. If the ratio between flour and sugar is 5 cups of flour to 1 cup of sugar how many cups o
Cooking	If my Thesis is about THE EFFECT OF USING RICE BRAN (Oryza sativa) INTO FLOUR IN MAKING MUFFIN?. what are the possible question
Cooking	How do you colour sheet icing?. Hello  How do you colour sheet icing without food colouring paste? I have tried many times with
Cooking	How to use soup to make a thick pasta sauce?. I read somewhere that you can use soup to make a hot pasta sauce, rather than buy
Cooking	I need a recipe for a nice steak meal?!?. I need a recipe for a nice steak meal for me n my gf. Im not much of a cook so the sm
Cooking	How do you make blueberry muffins from scratch using REAL blueberries NOT canned?
Cooking	Make a grilled cheese in a microwave?. I'm very aware it will not be a 'grilled cheese' as it would be....microwaved. The story
Cooking	I need a really good cake recipe?. It has to be cheap to make, easy to bake, with no fruit or weird flavors just basic like Vic
Cooking	How long can i keep cabbage, carrot and mattessons fridge raiders chicken soup in the fridge?. i have cooked some soup how long
Cooking	Is my chicken safe to eat ?. I bought a bag of frozen chicken. It's already cooked. It thawed a little bit, but was still cold.
Cooking	What should i do with stale bread?. i have a stale hard baguette. what can i do with the bread?  for now i just eat it with but
Cooking	Do I refrigerate my cake balls?. I am making chocolate covered cake balls and whoopie pies for my wedding. If I want to make th
Cooking	Why is food sticking to my orgreenic ceramic frying pan?. i bought an orgreenic frying pan and for about 1 week it worked great
Cooking	What is a basic bread recipe that does not use yeast?. I have lots of all purpose flour, olive oil, water, sea salt, sugar. Wha
Cooking	What does barreleye fish taste like and how do you cook it?. Do you have any recipes to cook it ?
Cooking	What do you think of my burger concept?. I call it the Hell Burger.  It's a 1/2 beef patty generously infused with ghost chil
Cooking	Making raspberry filled chocolates?. I am considering making raspberry filled chocolate brains for a zombie themed party, but I
Cooking	What pasta dish can I make with chicken and zucchini?. I have some friends coming over for dinner and I want to make an easy, t
Cooking	How too cook chinese noodles?. I made noodles the other day and they didn't even taste like the Chinese noodles I have always w
Cooking	Is it still classed as five a day if its witg melted chocolate?. If I have some.of my five a day with a chocolate fountain dosn
Cooking	Help at hungry jacks?. I just started working at hungry jacks and the only ones I can remember is the chicken mini, chicken bur
Cooking	Is the chicken in Campbell's chicken noodle soup real chicken?
Cooking	Help! I lost my recipe for apple pie?. the recipe was so easy and had just a few ingredients ...... white and brown sugar, wate
Cooking	How to make a speech more interesting?. Im doing a speech about hitler in English class tomorrow, i need to make it more intres
Cooking	Prepare powdered milk for drinking?
Cooking	Will microwaving left over green beans make them soggy?. I just bought a bag of green beans that's a little too big for my liki
Cooking	Are instant noodles bad for you?. I don't mean the seasoning. I mean the dried thin curly noodles in huge packs you see in Asia
Cooking	Does all chicken have wheat?
Cooking	I need a good hamper idea?. i want to make a hamper for a friend for christmas, some thing smirnoff ice vodka themed but i cant
Cooking	What taste better,mussels or oysters?
Cooking	Me and2 of my friends want to be power rangers for halloween, we want to make them sexy as f*ck too! how tho?. i want to be the
Cooking	Is this a good practice cooking video?. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FX94l1gYZâ€¦
Cooking	Can Yakisoba noodles expire?. I can't find a expiration date and the noodles is the Japanese kind if that helps.
Cooking	Is 1000 year old honey safe to eat?. It's not supposed to spoil, right?
Cooking	Is there a no-bake recipe using..?. Is there a no bake recipe using peanut butter and Hershey's chocolate bars with oatmeal and
Cooking	Can you cook frozen chicken that has been left in the freezer for 3 months?. I brought some boneless chicken that I brought 3 m
Cooking	Are there any lunch meals that incorporate all 5 food groups?. I have an assessment for PDHPE coming up and the task is to crea
Cooking	How are supermarket scotch eggs made?. My friend had a scotch egg from Sainsbury's the other day and it had nothing in it. I sa
Cooking	How to make an iced latte from Starbucks?. do you use steamed milk or do you just pour regular milk over the espresso?
Cooking	What are some healthy snacks to bring on the go?. i dont like chocolate or peanut butter, no dips or anything i need things mor
Cooking	Why can't I accept that it's not butter?. ever since I bought margarine its just been so hard
Cooking	How do you dress up you hot dog lots of Condiment's or just mustard or ketchup?
Cooking	I've eaten raw back bacon,will i die?. dont ask me why,i just wanted to try it,just tell me will i die
Cooking	When a juicing recipe calls for fresh ginger is that ginger root or something else?
Cooking	What do you consider healthy foods?. Just a question of others opinions and what people see as healthy & what they like to ea
Cooking	Making Fondant cake day before?. I plan to make the marshmellow fondant this weekend and store airtight in the frig.  Then thur
Cooking	I need breakfast / lunch ideas for my husband.?. My husband works pipeline so we basically live out of our suit cases. My only 
Cooking	Mediterranean or herb kabob marinade?. There is a local Mediterranean restaurant that serves the best kabobs.  The rub/ marinad
Cooking	Need boneless skinless chicken breast recipe for dinner. HELP ME PLEASE!?. My family found out my brother is allergic to dairy 
Cooking	Any ideas for a creative recipe to use with about a cup of leftover brown rice?
Cooking	What's the difference?. What's the difference between Dutch chocolate and regular chocolate?
Cooking	2 Italian 3 course meals?. for my catering homework i need 2 starters, 2 mains and 2 desserts. they have to be Italian and each
Cooking	Does anyone have a tutorial for a fondant rose?. I'm looking to make a fondant rose but I can't find any good tutorials. Thanks
Cooking	Cooking fish for a lunch today and some tips please?. I will cook some fish for my brothers lunch today and I want a nice easy 
Cooking	Can you help me with an eggplant recipe?. I love eggplant, but I can't cook it to save my life.  I've stir fried it.  Breaded a
Cooking	What are 3 types of red meats and 3 types of poultry?
Cooking	Can i bake in Kenwood microwave oven with grill MW877?. i have Kenwood microwave oven with grill MW877. i want to bake cake and
Cooking	Chocolate cake with fungi?. My sister ate chocolate cake but she thinks it had fungi on it, what can it cause?
Cooking	How to cook down kale?. A couple of months ago in a recipe I had to use kale. Anyways I spent forever more than an hour trying 
Cooking	What are some good sandwich/burito sauces?. I'm looking for some good sauces that would go great with homemade chicken wraps. I
Cooking	Who like tacos? why? awessoommmmme thanks!?. Taking a quick poll. Who really likes tacos and who doesnt? Im doing a presentatio
Cooking	Has anyone ever seen the recipe collection for vegans at -?. http://pinterest.com/dvegan/boards/  I posted this before but can'
Cooking	I am looking for a tomato salsa canning recipe that you don't have to cook first?
Cooking	What is the best bacon cooker?. I currently have the Presto Powercrisp.  Worked really well over the years, but now its getting
Cooking	What is a good side dish for fish tacos?. I was aiming for a soup of some kind...something with a seafood/fish theme...would th
Cooking	Is it better to have 2 cups of grapes with yogurt or 2 apples with yogurt?
Cooking	What do you make with leftover roast or chicken?. I have been buying and making larger cuts of meat, such as a whole chicken or
Cooking	What ingredients do i need for a tomato vegetable soup recipe?. canned chopped tomatoes sweetcorn peas carrot cabbage onion mus
Cooking	If i have an extra cermaic floor tile can i use it as a pizza stone?. i have left over ceramic tiles from my kitchen floor,,,is
Cooking	Dakimakura inner stuffing?. Best site to order 150x50cm pillows from? Must ship internationally
Cooking	Budget food shopping help?. When you're food shopping on a budget, what sorts of things do you pick up?
Cooking	My burger i made keeps falling apart.! Help!?. Please help i made a burger with lettuce, sliced tomato, egg, beef patty, bacon,
Cooking	Would cake icing gel from Cake Dec work good for making stripes on rice krispie treats?. and would this cake writing icing dry 
Cooking	My batter (over fish) sticks badly; should I oil my Pyrex baking dish before putting it in the microwave?. I do not use any oil
Cooking	How long can a packaged sandwich be left in the fridge on display?
Cooking	What is a simple but great recipe with boneless and skinless chicken?
Cooking	Can I shake and bake a pork steak?. Pork chops cook at 425Â°F.  Should I cook a pork steak at the same temperature?  Thanks!
Cooking	How long should I bake turkey wings?
Cooking	Is it possible to make and have new solid friendships at 34yrs of age? Essentially starting Over?
Cooking	Is this egg I boiled rotten?. I just put the egg in boiling water and suddenly I heard a crack and white colour milk like gas l
Cooking	What is a good recipe with venison steak for a poor college student?. I have some venison steak left over from last hunting sea
Cooking	When was the last time you ate chicken?. I'm cooking some right now. Can't wait until it's ready.
Cooking	Htm fruit jelly mooncake?
Cooking	How to make a hummus alternative?. Hi everyone!!!  So i would love to be able to eat hummus but even eating out of a thoroughly
Cooking	BBQ Steak: Lamb, Beef, Pork & others, what's you're favourite?. me: i like what i am used to, on that basis its lamb especially
Cooking	What is your best hummus recipe?. exact measurements please.  I'm cravin' it hardcore but I want to make my own so I can have m
Cooking	How to prepare cola at home?
Cooking	What's the name of this cheese?. Haha this is a silly question, but a few days ago I was at a family reunion and as a snack the
Cooking	How do I make cupcakes without cake mix?. I want to know how to make cupcakes without the cake mix. Has to be simple and made f
Cooking	15 minutes in the oven on 100 degrees and my meringues are already brown?!?!?
Cooking	Do you know how to make a fire and cook on it - how do you do it?. how do you control the heat
Cooking	What can i make for dinner?. I have beef boneless chuck roast but I don't want to actually make roast....any suggestions as to 
Cooking	Can i make corn meal batter for fish with no flour?. I plan on cooking onion rings and fish as well today but i don't have any 
Cooking	How to make Spuds like Abby's Legendary Pizza?. I am in love with the potato spuds that Abby's Pizza parlor makes,  but I canno
Cooking	How to study for jimmy johns sandwich test?. I applied at jimmy John's yesterday and they gave me a study guide to study all th
Cooking	How do you appease a person with the appetite of a gastronome?
Cooking	Making dinner tonight, Any ideas?. Thinking about making this for dinner tonight. A instant rice, cream of chicken soup, 1 cann
Cooking	Thawing cookie dough?. On Sunday I made some chocolate chip cookies. My mom put the rest of it in a bag and at first, put it in
Cooking	Do they still make Adolf's Instant Meat Tenderizer?. We used to put this on cheap cuts of beef when I was a kid away back in th
Cooking	I bought lamb stew pieces, but they don't get soft while cooking, what's wrong?. I bought stew pieces from lamb. They are quite
Cooking	Are popovers and Yorkshire puddings the same thing?
Cooking	Do marshmallows spoil?. I found a bag of unopened pumpkin spiced flavoured marshmallows in my fridge, dated March 2013 (no 'bes
Cooking	Power went out for an hour and a half how safe is food in refrigerator?. Our power went off from 10:15 last night to 11:45 last
Cooking	Why do my macaroons tilt while baking?. Is it temperature?
Cooking	Cheap Healthy Salads Recipes?. I'm looking for healthy salad recipes that I can make at home on a strict budget of 50 dollars f
Cooking	How is ground turkey better for you than ground beef?. Like I know it is but what about it is it less cholesterol?
Cooking	Do you hyave steamed cake recipe you can share?. for those who can share me a steamed cake recipe, the ones they personally bak
Cooking	Hot peppers on wrecking yur body system?. Ok so I love really spicy food and I eat a lot of really hot peppers. I have been tol
Cooking	Can I bake cookies with only sugar, flower, and margarine?. We also have salt, vegetable oil, and Peanutbutter. No eggs or milk
Cooking	How do you make the Beserker burger?. I had a burger at Red Robin a while ago called the beserker burger. It was really good an
Cooking	What are good condiments to have with peppers?. I love raw peppers but I'm out of ranch but I really want to have it so whats a
Cooking	Is Subway red wine vinegar sauce made with real wine?. Thank you for answering.
Cooking	Oyster shooter recipe from aquanox in Las Vegas?. I recently tried the oyster shooters from the restaurant Aquanox located at t
Cooking	Why did the Reese's companies stop making Reese's whipped?. THEY WERE SO GOOD
Cooking	Can I use these jars to store homemade jam or syrup?. So I'm going to make some syrup with berries that I'll be harvesting soon
Cooking	What would you do if the cook at a sporting event had no qualifications ?. I have A Basic Hygiene Certificate  A Level 2 Food a
Cooking	Ho w do you prepare frozen lobster on the stove?
Cooking	What can i make with macaroni salt tea powdered sugar and paprika?
Cooking	Is there a recipe for tomato preserves?. Need a recipe.
Cooking	Can I brown ground beef in a crock pot?. I am currently without a stove.  I have a microwave, a toaster oven, and a crockpot.  
Cooking	Recipie help? Chicken for dinner?. My dad left me a package of chicken breasts and told me to make dinner. I haven't really coo
Cooking	How to properly cook frozen potato wedges?. I tried cooking them a few days ago and I followed the instructions on the packet w
Cooking	What is this strainer thingy? Please help?.!?. [IMG]http://i44.tinypic.com/20jideq.jpg[â€¦  Heres a picture of it
Cooking	Attempting to cure my own bacon?. So I make most everything from scratch and I am contemplating making my own bacon with out th
Cooking	How to make jelly out of grapes from scratch?
Cooking	Anyone use Tabasco sauce?. Visitor wanting medium as far as hot. Which one of these would you recommend? Original Red  Green 
Cooking	What is a Treat Recipe for Chickens?. I have a pet chicken, named Barefoot Contessa, and I would like to make her a special tre
Cooking	Cooks why does the coating of my moms ceramic lasana pans peel off?. Initially I thought itvwas enamel. My mom loved that pan b
Cooking	Cake without eggs...?. I am really craving a cake right now, but I don't have any eggs. Is there something I can replace it wit
Cooking	What is your least favorite type of fish to eat? ?
Cooking	Can someone help me understand this recipe?. It calls for  300grams of flour  200grams of butter  100 grams of sugar   I don't 
Cooking	Thawing frozen chicken?. i ran some frozen chicken breasts (still packaged) under some hot water. after about 5 minutes of doin
Cooking	Turnip recipies please ?. Or storage tips please .I have managed to grow lots of them !All I can think of is adding them to bro
Cooking	Tasty things to cook with these ingredients?. Here's everything I can think of that I have...: Sugar Red chili flakes Tajin lem
Cooking	Can I make fried tomatoes in advance?. I'm making fried heirloom tomatoes tonight with dinner, and was wondering if I can bread
Cooking	How to make rice cakes?. Hi All. So basically, I have been looking ALL over the internet for a simple, plain rice cake recipe! 
Cooking	In a smoothie is it important to put yogurt?. In many recipes it says to put yogurt but I don't have yogurt what should I put i
Cooking	Gluten, corn, sugar, and dairy free food ideas?. I need some snack type food ideas. Recipes would be helpful.
Cooking	Can I use 75% hamburg to make meatloaf or would it be too greasy?. I usually use lean hamburg but I've been noticing that my fa
Cooking	How to reheat chilli mcwrap?
Cooking	Pizza Cheese Inquiry......!!!!?. well hello i just wanted to ask that what is the liquidy type of cheese on pizza like this pho
Cooking	How can i make some good and simple resipies for ribs.. ?. Please help me do Sone juice Ribs. Im spanish so I dont know all tho
Cooking	What do people use Hormel pigs feet for?. I have seen Hormel's jars of pickled pig's feet at the grocery store before. I was ju
Cooking	Why doesnt the caramel in creme caramel crystalise and harden?. so when you make creme caramel, you make the caramel first and 
Cooking	Sauce Recipe For Seafood Ravioli?. I plan on buying some of that Buitoni seafood ravioli they sell at one of the supermarkets a
Cooking	Cooking corned beef for your dinner, and I would like to know......?. ......how you would cook a 500g (lb) of corned beef and a
Cooking	What are some of the greatest desserts?. I'm curious as to what some of the greatest desserts are?   Labour involved in making 
Cooking	Looking for a recipie for a gallete des rois?. When I took french in highschool  the teacher gave me/us a recipie for a gallett
Cooking	In the market what company has the best 'meatloaf'? I can not for the life of me prepare meatloaf that?. will hold it's shape. 
Cooking	My husband is a construction manager and Im looking for some neat treats to cool off with in the TX heat!?. My husband and his 
Cooking	My purdue boneless skinless chicken breast taste funny after I cooked it what to do?. So I cooked a few of these on the stove w
Cooking	Thawed bread is brittle and hard?. I bought some whole wheat pita bread. It was soft and fluffy. The wrapper says for lasting 
Cooking	Beer and a Steak Dinner and tonight?. ...I was thinking about years ago on a Friday night after work we would have a few beers 
Cooking	Should I transfer salmon I bought from its original bag into a Ziploc bag and freeze it, or just freeze...?. the salmon in the 
Cooking	Can you place a dutch oven on a heavy duty grill right over the campfire?. Would that cook the food nicely?
Cooking	Is there a place you can buy Taystee bakery products, bread, dinner rolls, etc...?
Cooking	Royal Icing OR Buttercream Icing?. I am so very confused. Please, answer the following questions if you can  1) Which one is be
Cooking	What is the difference between having a BBQ and having a cook out?. Is it the same thing but it's just called different things 
Cooking	What are good pan sizes to make a square layered cake?. I don't have any round cake pans but I have square ones would that work
Cooking	Is there anything I can use instead of fondant?. I really don't like the taste of fondant, is there anything I can use that tas
Cooking	I know the best angle for sharpening kitchen knoves on a westone is around 20 deg but what happens....?. to your wetstone as we
Cooking	What is government cheese?. Is it fake cheese?
Cooking	I'm making cookies and...?. I'm making cookies and the recipe says to add ? cup of shortening but and i dont have shortening so
Cooking	Gumpaste or marshmallow fondant?. We don't have readymade fondant where I live, so I have to make fondant myself and I find mar
Cooking	How do u make smoothies?. Like i know fruit but what kind of liquid to go with it to make it drinkable
Cooking	Would this smoothie recipe work?. I need a super easy breakfast smoothie recipe, would blending ice, milk and bananas work. And
Cooking	How do I tell when an egg is ready?
Cooking	Spiciest mexican dish?. I need a very spicy dish, like spiciest possible with a recipe from a website.  Could someone list a re
Cooking	I am a level 1 cook and need help?. Hey guys, I'm teaching myself to cook with recipes but need a simple garlic bread recipe. I
Cooking	Frozen cottage cheese-good to eat?. well bought some cottage cheese on Friday...like a stupid person I accidentaly stuck it in 
Cooking	Sausage rolls big night out?. Lorraine Pascale used this recipe and it's been erased so can't access it....does anyone have it 
Cooking	Ideas for breakfast when boyfriend is staying over?. I'm not sure what to prepare for breakfast...I'm not really a good cook, s
Cooking	Anyone know of a brand of lollipops with wooden sticks?!?. I am looking for a brand of lollipops that i might be able to buy on
Cooking	Do you need a good Tilapia Recipie? Here ya go! I know this isn't a question?. I know this isn't a question... Here's an amazin
Cooking	If I'm using Microwave Oven Model: Sharp R-352 can I be able to bake a cake?
Cooking	I need donut recipe help?. Ok so i'm looking for a donut recipe because I love them. However I DO NOT like krispy kreme or Krum
Cooking	Is 275 too high of a smoker temperature for brisket?. its a 7 pounder and iv had my temperature maintained at about 250-275 for
Cooking	I am cooking breakfast tacos for 50 people. How much should I buy?. simple menu using eggs and frozen packages of potato/pepper
Cooking	What is the recipe for O'Charley's Louisiana Sirloin Steak?
Cooking	What can i make out of chicken, tortilla shells..ect?. Trying to think of something I can make for supper but am kinda clueless
Cooking	How to make a grilled cheese sandwhich?. I live in the UK so...yeah
Cooking	Please suggest any food/pastry to make for 50 people that is cheap and easy...be creative, thanks x?. Thank You x
Cooking	Did I get Ill from the Seafood Salad?. I bought a Seafood Salad yesterday from the Fishmonger in our Local Market, He had none 
Cooking	What are the most cost-effective (while still being high-quality) Food Vacuum and Dehydrator product?. I'm starting to store fo
Cooking	I found a great deal on a whole Boston Butt. Suggestions?. It is almost 10 lbs. I am in an apartment so we have a community gri
Cooking	How do you pronounce this Italian classic dish?
Cooking	Does canned Tuna in water contain fish oil?. I want it as an alternative to the supplements
Cooking	How to convert a 9in pie recipe to a 10in?. 1 (9 inch) deep dish pie crust Apple mixture: 5 cups apples - peeled, cored and thi
Cooking	How can colour make a meal more appealing?. Need help for my Catering homework. Thanks :)
Cooking	Would you serve this cake to your guests?. http://www.chocolaterecipes247.com/gooeyâ€¦
Cooking	How long should I cook a?. porterhouse beef roast (1.3kg),,how long and at what temp ? c not farenheitt,,,
Cooking	What type of cheese go best with a meal?
Cooking	I have a Christmas pudding that passed its use-by this Feb...can I still use it for the coming Christmas?. I have a Christmas p
Cooking	Re-heating chicken nuggets?. can I microwave 1 day old, cold chicken nuggets? would they be safe to eat?
Cooking	Can someone tell me an easy recipe with few ingredients?. Im bored so i want to cook. Is there any tasty recipies?
Cooking	How to you cook sweet potatoes in a pyrex container in the microwave?. I know, I know...  I should 'bake' or 'boil' instead, bu
Cooking	How do i sccramble two eggs ?. i have no idea how to cook to be honest and im using a microwave as the cooker aint working so i
Cooking	Bang-bang shrimp recipe?
Cooking	Cooking raw pork on rice in oven?. want to bake raw pork with rice in baking dish
Cooking	Recipe for a vegtable curry ?. Need an easy recipe for a vegatable curry pleaseee:D
Cooking	Is there a way to make homemade play dough?. I'm babysitting later and the kids I babysit love making this and play dough!! So 
Cooking	What Colors make you think of food?. I'm currently in the process of working on my blog header for my cooking/recipe blog and I
Cooking	The UK version recipe?. I've been researching how to make the famous harry potter butterbeer drink all over the web, but every 
Cooking	What do you prefer? Beef VS Pork?. Which is your favourite?  Pork for me is the best, it tastes better to me; i never grew up w
Cooking	What are some yummy fall desserts?. I want ones that include pumpkin
Cooking	How do you make pickles? Preferably ones like they sold at Blimpies.?. I know you start with cucumbers, but what's in the ?brin
Cooking	How many calories in a chicken wing with skin?
Cooking	What's the best ingredients for a Victoria sponge ?
Cooking	What would be the best way to ship some frozen pizza pies?. The company says they can make the pies and freeze them, but now th
Cooking	Can I deep fat fry frozen meat?
Cooking	Whats sounds good to eat?. today i had multigrain cheerios with an apple & skimmed milk. then i had a yogurt, grilled chicken s
Cooking	Baking ChickenBreast: Boneless Skinless vs. Bone in Skin on?. I found a recipe for Lemon and Garlic Baked Chicken and it calls 
Cooking	What is your favorite kind of soup?
Cooking	I want to send sugar cookies to Indiana?. what do I have to do to keep them fresh and yummy?   is there a check they have to do
Cooking	Need ideas for snack foods?. I have a friend coming over this her first time over to my place, we always seem to end up at rest
Cooking	Rhubarb white chocolate cranberry cream cheese?. http://www.magpiesandmore.com/2010/11/cranberry-bliss-bars.html?m=1  How shoul
Cooking	How long and what temp should I bake mini bundt cakes?. I want to make chocolate bundt cakes and the pan I have is about the si
Cooking	Can you make me a sandwich?. I have no meat in the house but I have cheese, salad an other thins you would expect to find?
Cooking	Any suggestions on what to eat for lunch?. I know it's pathetic but I'm 17 and can't cook. Anyways, my mom ALWAYS offers sandwi
Cooking	How do you bake talipia?. what temp. do you use to bake talipia
Cooking	Derivatives of bechamel sauce ?. How many can u think of?
Cooking	More recipes for senoir cats?. home made recipes for senoir cats
Cooking	Ravioli in bag says don't thaw before cooking but?. Ravioli says don't thaw, but it's been in my fridge for the past few days s
Cooking	How to store these organic fruits & veggies right, I don't want to waste them?...?. I decided last time I got a deal on a good 
Cooking	Why do so many hate campbells soup?. I admit.... Its not as good as progresso. Much more salty. But I read so many had bugs in 
Cooking	Can starving people cook eggs if they had some?. I've got to know that.
Cooking	What's That Nasty Slime Under Raw Chickens Skin?. I live in Canada... I've noticed when I buy NO NAME chicken (dirt cheap 99c /
Cooking	Cheap & Easy desserts for a bigger group?!?. I'm having a barbecue in a few weeks and there are about 40 people coming. And it'
Cooking	What's the most high calorie meal I could make at home?
Cooking	What specific chemical reactions is/are happening when baking muffin or quick bread with calamansi/lemon?. Is calamansi or lemo
Cooking	Help me with my cookie problem?. Whenever I bake cookies they come out burned on the edges but still doughy and uncooked in the
Cooking	I would like to learn Russian, but wouldn't Spanish make me more marketable? I am going to be HR Manager.?. I am intrigued by t
Cooking	What meals can I make on a budget?. What meals can I make on a budget I have  Â£30.00 in my pocket to buy food that has to last 
Cooking	What should I send in this bacon care package?. My boyfriend and his friends love bacon, whenever I visit them at college they 
Cooking	I need help with cooking URGENT?. what is the most popular way wheat is used in cooking and how do u prepare wheat to be used i
Cooking	How long can you store a chicken in the freezer?
Cooking	How long and what temperature would i cook...?. 1/4 sliced Russet potatoes covered in cheese and bacon?
Cooking	Would you say you can cook or feel confident to cook new things?. Like trial & error. I suppose no recipe or meal is set in sto
Cooking	I need t make a circular cake for my brothers b-day?. What pan thing should I use and how do I get the cake out of the pan to d
Cooking	Who knows how to make alcohol in socal?
Cooking	Cake or brownie in a mug?. Does anyone know any good brownie or cake in a mug recipes? I'm allergic to peanuts, so I can't have
Cooking	What would be your last meal?. If you were on death row what would your last meal be
Cooking	Can I line disposable aluminum pans with aluminum?. The recipe says to line baking pan with foil but I'm already using an alumi
Cooking	Bakers! I need some advice about making bread?. Specifically about yeast. I wanted to replace the water in the recipe for coffe
Cooking	How long is thawed soup good for in the fridge?. I cooked soup, froze some immediately, thawed it in the fridge today, but now 
Cooking	What can I make with these ingredients?. I'm so hungry. here's all I have in my house (I don't have to use all of them):  1/2cu
Cooking	Dessert for a bake sale?. I want to do a bake sale and wanted to know what to make
Cooking	Making a three tier cake with 11, 8 & 5 round tins. What will the height be?. Im making my first tiered cake with round pans
Cooking	Cooking advice and tips please?. Would using coconut oil instead of using standard oil change the taste of the food at all?  Wh
Cooking	What is cooking now...?. Between you and me.  When it's ready tell me ya, I didn't do breakfast yet ;p
Cooking	How can bread be used as part of a staple diet?. Using three suggestions for each part of our daily diet: breakfast, lunch and 
Cooking	How do you make olive oil?. An how do you make extra virgin olive oli?
Cooking	How to keep frozen pizza fron drying out in the oven?. When I heat it up it comes out very dry.  What temps do I use for this? 
Cooking	I feel like cooking.....?. Because I'm bored, but I dunno what to cook. Suggestions?
Cooking	No bake cheesecake recipe for 160g of cream cheese?. I have 160grams of cream cheese left over in my fridge. Im thinking of mak
Cooking	Is anyone know a recipe for Doner Kebab sauce( old Turkish recipe) ?
Cooking	How many cups are in a quart?
Cooking	What did you have for dinner?
Cooking	Are shortbread cookies suppose to be dry in the middle?. I baked these betty crocker shortbread cookies and I tasted them but t
Cooking	Whats the best way to make playdough?. Ok i m not askin for recipe i alrdy have two but pls advice me on whats th best. I tried
Cooking	Ways to use (dried) incan/golden berries?. As they have such a unique taste, what can i pair them with?  thanks
Cooking	Is my turkey safe to cook and eat, thawing times?. I took a about a 10 pound turkey out of the freezer on Sunday night.. I figu
Cooking	How to bottle my own Barbecue sauce?. Can ayone give me some tips on how to bottle my homemade sauce to sell?
Cooking	Silly question , chicken fryer?. So me and fiancÃ©  had our house warming party a few days ago , being 5mo pregnant I finally go
Cooking	Top ramen recipes? im hungry?. i have ramen. a pouch of chunk light tuna and somme queso. no tortillas maybe a couple of other 
Cooking	How can I find out the old flavors of peanut butter that used to be sold?. There was a flavor of peanut butter in a half-sized 
Cooking	Is it safe to use food from a dented can?. I purchased a case of canned olives recently. I noticed that several of the cans are
Cooking	Can you please teach me how 1 tablespoon became (0.01417)?. other examples are 3tbsp. (0.0425) and 1 cup is (0.227)
Cooking	How do you fry chicken legs?
Cooking	What specific chemical reactions is/are happening when baking muffin or quick bread?
Cooking	What do you think of this for a topping for my homemade chli, will it be ok?. I made my chili...fresh...and i used to top with 
Cooking	What are some good dishes to make with rice and carrots?. Just dug a bunch of carrots out of my garden and have tons of rice at
Cooking	Would you knowingly cook your food in industrial lubricant?. Because that is exactly what Canola Oil is. Also called Rape Seed 
Cooking	Hi, Is my first time canning at the time i was taking the jars out of the pot i took some water out with a?. container to make 
Cooking	Good single serve dessert recipes?. I have a killer sweet tooth rite now and don't want candy or any of that junk. Also I am a 
Cooking	Favorite Fast Food Meal?
Cooking	Is crystal sugar any good?
Cooking	Bitter Spanish Paella?. I love Spanish paella but for some reason, when I make it myself, the paella becomes bitter. What could
Cooking	Good recipes for cooking over a bonfire?. I'm going on a special camping trip this weekend. The only cooking will be over a bon
Cooking	How cheese is made at home?
Cooking	Food Cravings(for fun gender,and could,cravings be a sign???. Craving crushed Ice like crazy toaster scrambles bacon egg and ch
Cooking	Does anyone know the recipe for Smoothie King or one similar that I could use?. I really like the Strawberry Kiwi Breeze from S
Cooking	What is the function of these ingredients in a burger?. In a shop bought ready made burger, what is the function of:  veg fat m
Cooking	What digital rice cooker would you recommend?. Do you have any experience with small multi-function rice cookers and if so woul
Cooking	Did I eat a good amount today?. Today I've had One largeish apple And 7 pretzels around 11 am Then before volleyball Practice i
Cooking	What are some good easy to make recipes?. I just got into baking and learning how to cook so i was wondering if anyone knew any
Cooking	Would you enjoy this recipe to eat? Why or why not?. http://bit.ly/1d4wZIW  Oven Fried Chicken
Cooking	Leg of lamb smells a bit like cheese - is it bad?. I've a leg of lamb that was purchased and then put in the refrigerator wit
Cooking	Which curry and why....?. I'm going for a curry tonight and would like to know.  1 - Which curry should I order? 2 - Why would 
Cooking	Should we not combine pulses with dairy?. i heard the other day you should not combine different sources of protein, as I was h
Cooking	Favorite spices/glaze for meatloaf?. Just doing some experimenting in the kitchen today and wanted to know what you like to sea
Cooking	Is it possible to make sweet pickle relish without mustard seeds?. I live in a country that does not have/import sweet pickle r
Cooking	Does anyone have a fab recipe for sea shell pasta salad?. Thanks for any help! Much appreciated!
Cooking	What are the differences between these soy sauces?. Went to the supermarket and saw this taihua brand has got standard, special
Cooking	How long do i bake pork loin boneless country style ribs?. I bought these boneless country style ribs from Walmart I seasoned i
Cooking	How to get extra crispy pierogies?. every time I go to a polish restaurant or something, and get my pierogies fried, they are a
Cooking	Botulism From steak ?. Ive just cooked a steak in a griddle pan for the first time. Now I have heard in a griddle the steak is 
Cooking	What wine can i use for pasta and beef stew???. i have white wine can i still use it for pasta and beef stew???
Cooking	How long is a frozsen boiled egg good?. i boiled some eggs they are frozen. are they ant good???
Cooking	What chocolate chip dessert should I bake?. have baked Cookies Muffins Flapjacks Shortbread Custard Cupcakes Blondies Cakes Tar
Cooking	What to do about these muffins?. I made a batch of Blueberry Avocado Coconut muffins. I adapted the recipe so that it would be 
Cooking	I left 5 gallons on chocolate mousse on the counter overnight...?. I did this at work. It was probably $100 to make. I feel so 
Cooking	What if you eat only Oysters what will happen to you?
Cooking	In home ice cream making is it better to churn it more or less?. If it takes 20-30 minutes total is it better to harvest the ic
Cooking	A GENUINE QUESTION?(REGARDING RESIDENTIAL ROTIMAKER)?. DOES ANYBODY KNOW THE NAME OF A BRANDED  AUTOMATIC ROTIMAKER , WHERE , I
Cooking	Help me out please guys PLEASE with sugar on top!?. this guy I like tells me a few weeks ago he has been seeing somebody. I did
Cooking	Should meringue cookies be soft in the middle?. i know with a pavlova its supposed to be soft (although not gooey?) in the midd
Cooking	Help in making a homemade beans and rice recipe?. well i have long grain white rice and a pound of dried black beans i wanted t
Cooking	Do you put tabasco sauce in ketchup?. Its good
Cooking	What are the steps in making shrimp?. I bought some shrimp for a steak. It's already cooked and still shelled. I'm going to hea
Cooking	Site that gives me recipes according to my macros?. A while I go, I remember stumbling upon a site that gives you food recipes,
Cooking	How do you can pumpkin?
Cooking	How to make fried salmon cakes?
Cooking	Any ideas of what to do with a bucket full of jalapeÃ±os I grew, that are to hot to eat?. No kidding, I eat hot stuff all the ti
Cooking	Could you use benefiber in a cake recipe to add additional fiber?
Cooking	Looking for southern-style dinner recipies?. I've been going to a great restaurant lately called The Mill Kitchen & Bar (http:/
Cooking	What are you having for dinner?. I am at a serious loss on what to make for dinner tonight.  I don't want tacos, spaghetti, chi
Cooking	IS RICE A HIGH FIBER FOOD?
Cooking	Pickled cockles in a jar - ANSWER ASAP :-)?. Ok so I am really wanting some so bad!! There is half a jar in the kitchen and my 
Cooking	Is the chili I made healthy?. Ingredients:  - 2 lbs 96% lean turkey, browned and drained fat as I cooked. - 2 cans kidney beans
Cooking	Adapting from-room-temperature cooking time to frozen cooking time?. My home-made pizza, I prepare at room temperature while th
Cooking	Is it garlic cream or Alioli ?. Hi, I am trying to prepare all by myself the sauce they serve at restaurants with fries or they
Cooking	How many ounces in un tarro?
Cooking	What can i use instead of beef broth?. im trying to make beef stew but i dont have beef broth and i only have beef stock, will 
Cooking	If I boil water in a pot. Is the pot dirty?. Me thinking that boiling the water would be sanitary, I would think there would be
Cooking	How specifically u figure out, the steak is raw?. I had a steak today at a restaurant and there was a ******' crunchy sound whe
Cooking	What dressing/sauce can I put on my steamed vegetables?. I always use gravy so something like that or completely different. But
Cooking	Roasting pork in the oven! Help?!?. Ok so I have made pork loin in the. Over about 4 times now. I have two different meat therm
Cooking	Am I gonna get food poisoning tonight?. I bought a bag of orange chicken (boneless) a couple days ago and it said to keep froze
Cooking	ARE AUSTRALIAN DROP BEARS GOOD & TASTY TO EAT ?. Are there any recipes or cookbooks showing photos ?  ..
Cooking	Sesame ginger recipes?. Hi, I ought a sesame ginger low fat dressing and I was told I can put that on anything and have a great
Cooking	What happens if I don't use brown sugar?. Well i'm making chocolate chip cookies and i have all the ingredients but I can't see
Cooking	Good Creamy pasta sauce?. Whats some recipes for creamy pasta sauce? Thank you so much!
Cooking	How can I reduce heat in a spicy soup?
Cooking	Why do we eat flour ?. i have been given the homework to do an essay on flour(dull i know) i have to answer the question' why d
Cooking	How to make quick bakedbeans?
Cooking	Intense butter craving. why?. I am craving butter, lots of butter. Even plain butter. Salted butter, unsalted butter..... I can
Cooking	Is there something wrong with my ground beef?. I purchased a pound of ground beef 73% lean 27% fat, Kroger(grocery store) brand
Cooking	Can I make a cheesecake tonight to have with Christmas dinner?. I'm wondering if it it's alright if I cook a cheesecake tonight
Cooking	Can i cook frozen chicken burgers and frozen fish fingers on the same tray in the oven?
Cooking	Is this an okay way to make an omelette?. When I fry the onions and lox up that I put in it, I just pour the eggs on top and co
Cooking	Help baking a wedding cake?. Ok.. I love making cakes for fun... Never any pressure and design what I want.. But I've been aske
Cooking	Questions about Deglazing, experienced cooks help please?. Okay, so tonight I'm pan searing sirloin steaks. I have them marinat
Cooking	Can you make fish batter with biscuit mix flour?. making deep fride batter
Cooking	Where can I buy hormel chilli in canada?. Windsor Ontario
Cooking	Can Someone in Arizona make Krumkake and I will pay?. My Husband is Scandanavian and hasn't had krumkake since he was a boy. I'
Cooking	What is the best apple for caramel apples?. In my own opinion Red Delicious is too sweet and Granny Smith is too tart. I want
Cooking	Why is Huey such a messy cook?. I love cooking shows, but this man is the most messy cook on TV, he never uses the word puts, h
Cooking	How can i make my body fat?
Cooking	What veggies go with turkey burgers?. Ok so i'm 13, i live in england and i've decided to cook my family a meal tomorrow night 
Cooking	Why not corned beef in round cans?
Cooking	What you are cooking today for dinner?
Cooking	What temp do you put pizza on?
Cooking	Would you serve these as an appetizer?. MINI FALL PUMPKIN PIE CROISSANTS  These start with 2 tubes of Pillsbury refrigerated cr
Cooking	What is a good cole slaw recipie that goes well for BBQ pulled pork?. It will have to feed about 6 adults
Cooking	If I mix vanilla ice cream with spaghetti noodles and put raspberry sauce over it will it taste good?. Also maybe some bacon me
Cooking	Do you think i over eat?. Okay this morning for breakfast i have a omelette with one slice of cheddar cheese  and 3 slices of b
Crafts	How to piece something with a seam that looks presentable on both sides. Dear Darlene,  I am beginning to sew pieced silk scarv
Crafts	kenmore 117.300. Sorry, this isnt a singer question! I hope your able to help, ive searched online, and cannot find a manual sp
Crafts	looking for sewing books. Where can I find the books Price It Right for alterations by Claire Shaeffer and Unit Pricing for 
Crafts	Hat. Brenda,  I would like to make a Great Gadsby Newsboy type hat. I don't sew, but want to start. How do I start? I have been
Crafts	bordered fabrics. I would like to know how to alter a curved hem, A-line dress pattern to fit on a straight border print so tha
Crafts	altering necklines. Hi. Â I'm about to start making my 14 yr. old daughter's Jr.High graduation dress. Â She wants a copy of a dr
Crafts	singer 201. I have just inherited a singer 201 in a cabinet bought in 1946. Â It appears to be in perfect condition, but it prob
Crafts	how do  i wind the bobbin??  singer touch and sew. I think its seriel # is 788. Do you know how old this machine is? This is a 
Crafts	Singer Touch 'n Sew 628. My bobbin has been repeatedly jamming. Â When I investigated, and removed the bobbin case to clean it, 
Crafts	sewing machine problems!!. Hi Terry, First off thanks for taking the time to even read this, I really appreciate it. So my prob
Crafts	cravat pattern. my son is getting married this summer and he has asked me to make some cravats for the groomsmen. Â Is there a p
Crafts	altering neck line. Hi. Â I'm about to start making my 14 yr. old's Jr.High graduation dress. Â She wants a copy of a dress from 
Crafts	singer sewing machine. My husband and I were cleaning out his mother's house and accidently threw away a cord to her sewing mac
Crafts	narrow hem gadget. I bought a narrow hem attachment for my Singer sewing machine. I wanted to use it first on a sheer scarf bef
Crafts	sewing maching help. I have a very old electric Singer with a foot pedal that I haven't used in 10 or so years. It was made in 
Crafts	Touch And Sew 640. Hi Terry hope you can help me. I came across a Golden Touch And Sew, model 640 that appears in very good con
Crafts	ballroom?. Hi. Â My name I'm a 22 year old competative ballroom dancer. Â Just this year I will be competiing at national competi
Crafts	wrap pants pattern. Helen: We're stumped! How could we alter an existing pants pattern to make a wrap pants pattern? We don't w
Crafts	Repair of sewing maching after breaking needle while sewing.. I have a Singer Athena 2000 Electronic machine. Â I was trying to 
Crafts	ruffled hem. I am curious how to make the ruffled sort of hem you see on some ballroom dance costumes. Â I am sewing a skating d
Crafts	Where can I rent or borrow sewing machine. Where can I borrow sewing machine for home sewing? I am thinking to make some bean b
Crafts	Ironing Taffeta. I'm not much of a seamstress, but have managed to make a simple maternity bridesmaid dress using taffeta. Â Now
Crafts	Drapery Hardware. Hi Martha,  I'm making floor to ceiling drapes for a room with a 90 degree angle. Â The corner is where two ou
Crafts	Altering upper arm. I need to add 5 inches in the upper arm in a 2 piece sleeve and 8 inches in the bust in a 3 piece bodice. Â 
Crafts	old singer sewing machines - value. I have 2 old singer sewing machines and wonder if you could help me with the value. Â One is
Crafts	Suede. Can a suede jacket be stretched in the chest to make it wider? Thanks!
Crafts	looking for a good tailoring book. I want to learn to make men and children suits. Can you suggest me a good tailoring book tha
Crafts	Slipcovers. I would like to sew new slipcovers for my worn-out sofa and would like to know if you have any tips for me on how I
Crafts	altering a strapless bodice. I made a strapless, boned dress but the bust area is too loose. What is the best way to alter it? 
Crafts	altering women's pants pattern. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  When altering crotch depth on pants pattern
Crafts	Reupholstering dining room chairs. Dining room chair back has oval wood back with fabric insert that shows from front & back. F
Crafts	Holes in pockets. I get holes in the pockets of my jeans. I have tried iron on patches but the patches come loose after a few w
Crafts	BIGGER WAIST. HOW CAN I MAKE MY SON'S BLUE JEANS SHORTS BIGGER IN THE WAIST THEY WILL BUTTON BUT ARE TO TIGHT BUT THEY FIT EVER
Crafts	sewing. I just recently was given a new sewing machine as a gift. I have always wanted to know how to sew, but I have no clue a
Crafts	designing your own clothes. My daughter, almost 16, has been involved in a sewing class that a local lady teaches from her home
Crafts	sewing machines. Hi! My daughter desires to buy a machine for very limited sewing. Most likely...straight line sewing such as m
Crafts	sewing machine, white. This white sewing machine seems to have a total problem sewing, the hole to the bobbin lines up only eve
Crafts	alterations. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Answer -  HI is there any way you can scan the pattern picture
Crafts	taking in a suit. Hello! I have recently lost about 20 lbs and have some beautiful suits that are too big! I want to take in th
Crafts	Finishing seems on adult garments. I'm an advanced beginning seamstress for fun. One thing I haven't found in any of my books i
Crafts	canvas tent. Hi-  Â Â Â Â I have a heavy canvas tent that has a small rip in it. I have extra canvas sent with the tent for a patch
Crafts	Valance. I am taking the pillow shams from a quilt set that I bought and making the shams into a valance. I have it all cut and
Crafts	Manilla Veil. Is it possible to home sew (with a sewing machine) to make a Manilla-style veil?  Here is a link for the illustra
Crafts	Double sided snaps. I am searching for a snap that has post (or socket, it doesn't matter which) ends protruding out of each si
Crafts	wool cloth. hi! Â i'm not really sure if you're the right person to ask but i'm hoping you can help me. Â how can i tell if the c
Crafts	Baby Snaps. Hi Vinette,I would like to let the hem out of some of my baby's clothes{since he has only had most of them on his b
Crafts	Zippers. Is there another way to attach the linning to the zipper other than by hand. Everytime I make a lined dress, I attache
Crafts	Hawaiian shirts..how to make them. hello there vinette. how are you? im trying to find out how i can make my own hawaiian shirt
Crafts	Re covering sofa cushions. Vinette, Hello. Â I got this hand-me-down sofa from my mother-in-law. Â It is in great shape, except f
Crafts	Dress alterations. I am making bridesmaid dresses. Â They are princess style halter tops with A line skirt. Â Two piece.  My ques
Crafts	sew machine. Hi Darlene, What is a good sewing machine to start out with that has plenty of room for learning growth? Â My wife 
Crafts	sewing curtains for a bay window. Hi Brenda! Â I envision a ruffled swag valance that I will sew myself from the McCall's #2515 
Crafts	Bobbin Problems!. Hi Brenda,  I am new to sewing and was trying to use my machine the other day but was having a bunch of probl
Crafts	Pant patterns. Hi.. I would like to know if you would if you would know where to find a certian pattern to make pants. They are
Crafts	invisible zipper. I am to make a flowergirl dress for my granddaughter and the fabric I'm using is royal satin. Â I want to inse
Crafts	clothing sizes. Hello. My wife wants to start a women's clothing store, and she wants to have the clothing made by friends over
Crafts	sewing machine problem!!!. Hello! I am completely stuck with this. (and im also a beginner) I have a really old sewing machine 
Crafts	Quilt. I made a quilt a year ago, for my daughter-in-law for Xmas. She loves it alot, but she took it and put it in her washer.
Crafts	Sewing and lace. I want to have a my wedding gown made and haven't excatly sought out a seamstress yet because I am not really 
Crafts	wool. hi! Â i'm not really sure if you're the right person to ask but i'm hoping you can help me. Â how can i tell the difference
Crafts	threading. I have a scholastic plus singer machine. I just went to thread it and for some reason it will not bring up the bobin
Crafts	Funnel Pattern. I need to find a pattern to make a funnel.  10 inch opening to 1 inch or less at the other end. Two feet long. 
Crafts	singer touch and sew. would you have any idea how to wind a 2 peice bobbin that is plastic its on a singer touch and sew? guess
Crafts	Sheer Curtains. Dear Martha How do you stabilize the sheerest of curtain material when trying to make rod pockets, heading and 
Crafts	Adjusting 1 pattern to fit many. Is it possible to buy one pattern (say in a size large for misses to fit me) but make it to fi
Crafts	Spaghetti straps. Hello. Â I need small tubes of fabric; Â someone suggested pre-made spaghetti straps to me. Â I've searched both
Crafts	Sewing machine novice. I am pretty much a novice when it comes to sewing machines. Â One problem I run into a lot is the thread 
Crafts	Arm hole. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hi Vinette, My question is should I re-cut an arm hole. I have to
Crafts	Hi, You are very nice to.... Hi, You are very nice to answer questions like this. My husband would like me to make drapes for o
Crafts	Invisable Zippers. It has been a long time since I have put a hidden zipper into a dress. I bought one to help a senior with he
Crafts	Making sheer tier curtains. Dear Brenda: Is there any special technique in making sheer curtains? Â I am having trouble getting 
Crafts	pants alterations. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  How 
Crafts	Horse costume. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  My son is in a play in which he has to play a horse. Â The co
Crafts	Sewing machines. What is an overlock or serger machine for? Â Can I do everything with one of those machines? Â I need to be able
Crafts	Beginner. I am interested in begninng to sew. I plan on doing a beach tote for my vacation that is in about a month. To start w
Crafts	Removing broken hook drive gear from singer 513. Terry, We have a Singer Stylist 513 with a broken Hook Drive Gear (#103361). Â 
Crafts	wont grad thread. i have an old white treadle . i also have a singer around the same year. the singer is great but i cant get m
Crafts	Bobbin case or catch hook Singer Stylist 418. Just bought a Singer Stylist 418 at a garage sale. Â Motor hums nicely, bobbin win
Crafts	blue jeans. A friend gave me some blue jeans-they fit perfectly..EXCEPT I HATE THE LOW RISE-is there any way I can change them 
Crafts	quilting stitch. I just got a singer stylist 513 without an instruction manual. I was wondering if it could do a quilting stitc
Crafts	buttonholes. I am trying to make a buttonhole, but I am doing something wrong. I am new to sewing, and I have never done a butt
Crafts	Problems with my Singer 3116. Terry,  My husband bought me a singer 3116 for a starter machine. I feel like a dope because I ca
Crafts	Metal or plastic/nylon gears?. Hi, Terry --  I am considering buying a Singer Golden Touch and Sew machine. I'm not  sure of th
Crafts	I would like to alter a pair of my pants....... I was just woundering if it were possible and how would you alter a pair of str
Crafts	Fashion. I am planning to create my own brand name, start selling 'purse' I designed, I found several manufactures in China, my
Crafts	pillow. Help Brenda! Â I am trying to sew some odd pillows for my living room. Â I purchased the forms at the fabric shop (14 X 
Crafts	quilting with a Touch and Sew 600E. I am making a quilt using a Touch and Sew 600E. Â I am to the point of quilting the layers t
Crafts	alterations on ladies jeans. How do I shorten the crotch on ladies jeans?
Crafts	Kenmore Mini Ultra. Hi Vinette -- it's me again. Â Well you know that singer 534 you were helping me with, the gears were bad an
Crafts	Fabric sealant/cover. Hi Nancy,  I have an unusual question.  I have a large number of small glossy color images of brightly co
Crafts	Slack Pattern Alteration. Long ago, I was taught (but have forgotten) how to measure correctly and adjust to have slacks fit in
Crafts	buying a novice sewing machine. What sewing machine would you recommend for a beginner? I  have never really used a sewing mach
Crafts	hand sewing. Hi Brenda. I hope all is well. I would like to make cafe curtains with tabs from which the curtains can hang. Can 
Crafts	Pattern Making. Other than alterating patterns, do you also teach pattern making and if you do, do you have any information on 
Crafts	Restoring vintage elastic. Hello and can I ask about a pair of vintage Missoni pants that need a replacement elastic sewn in? T
Crafts	sewing vinyl boat cushions. Any tips on sewing vinyl?  I am recovering my boat seats and was wondering if you had any suggestio
Crafts	how old is this machine. model aj408478
Crafts	embroidery. Hello Vinette, I am looking for an embroidering maching to give my wife for mother's day. Â I would like to spend be
Crafts	altering slacks that are too large. I have a large waist but slim legs. Â Whenever I buy slacks that fit the waist, they are too
Crafts	elasticised waistband. Hi My compant makes us wear a uniform with fitted pants. Problem is I have one of those waists that can 
Crafts	Pattern Alteration. Hello Brenda and thank you for your time. I have two questions. First, I am attempting to make a pair of pa
Crafts	disc. how to remove special disc from top of machine.to change patterns on a 600e
Crafts	Sewing Machines. I have a Necchi 537FA machine. Â I haven't used it in years and am not even sure I can remember how--but I orde
Crafts	Singer Value?. Hi I have a Vintage Singer sewing machine in good condition Model no 28 serial no. EA545854. Any ideas on approx
Crafts	Sewing a twin coverlet. I would like to sew a twin size coverlet and wanted to know if there are any posted instructions on the
Crafts	kenmore 1030. I have a kenmore 1030 and the problem I have is that the wheel that moves the needle will not spin. It makes a he
Crafts	singer 756 bunching thread. Trying to help a friend with a Singer Touch & Sew Model 756 given to her. Bobbin thread bunches ter
Crafts	sunlik. I have aquired a Sunlik, this is Made in Japan equal to a singer 15 older model. I have oiled and clean all moving part
Crafts	dimples. Hello Vinette I am a beginner sewer and i am having trouble trying to figure out out to prevent my garment from formin
Crafts	Beep. I have a Singer 7422 that just sits there and beeps. Â Any thoughts?
Crafts	singer 411. Hi, I am an extremely novice sewer, and bought my machine 2nd hand from a garage sale. I have recently lost the ins
Crafts	sewing cross stitch on pillow cover. QUESTION: I have a 5x7 cross stitch that I want to sew onto fabric for a 14x14 pillow 
Crafts	Grommets on draperies. How do you determine how many grommets are required for a pair of draperies that is 96 wide?
Crafts	Needles. I have an old Singer 600 model that I have just inherited. Â I am new to all of this but have some basic knowledge on h
Crafts	problems with sewing on terrycloth. I am a very novice sewer. Â I have volunteered to make bibs for a local non-profit and the m
Crafts	measurements for curtains. Hi Darlene, Would you have a guess as to how much material I would need for curtains to cover floor 
Crafts	Dials will not turn on 401a. I just got a used Singer 401A today. It sews and everything looks and sounds great but the dials t
Crafts	HOW TO OIL. MY WIFE HAS A SINGER 404 MACHINE. TENSION DOESNT WORK STEADILY. I'VE BEEN CLEANING IT UP AND WOULD LIKE TO OIL IT. 
Crafts	Bobbing thread. I am needing to know how do you thread the bobbing thread up to the needle. Â I have thread the top thread but I
Crafts	Singer slant-o-matic 600 sewing machine. I have subject machine, I noted in your informtion that you say Singer 600 touch & sew
Crafts	Singer 201. I have an amazing Singer 201 electric machine. Â I cannot seem to get the tension right. Â I have done everything the
Crafts	fixing problem area on pants. I have a pair of pants that I bought and I can't wear them with a stretch top going over the wais
Crafts	Altering my jeans.. Hello.  Basically, I would like to alter a pair of my jeans. I need to expand the waist and would like to e
Crafts	sewing machine model number. I aquired this old singer sewing machine, I looked on the bottom and found several numbers I am ju
Crafts	heyyy. Hi. how r u?? well....i just wanted to ask you a question....I just got a Singer touch and sew model 620 sewing machine,
Crafts	Sewing Leather. I have a leather jacket. Â The liner had come away from the leather on the sleeve. Â I know you can't use needles
Crafts	alterations on blue jeans. needing to make to waist bigger on a pair of blue jeans for my husband. Â how can i do this and not m
Crafts	Dropped stitches on a Singer Golden Touch & Sew. Hello,  I recently received as a gift an old Singer Golden Touch & Sew (1971 v
Crafts	Reducing Plus-Size Pattern for Non-Plus-Size Use. Hi Vinette,  I am making several long tunics for my bellydance troupe using a
Crafts	measuring and drawing armhole. Hi vinette, I stitch straight dresses. Â But I am not very happy about my measuring out and drawi
Crafts	Singer 221 Featherweight hand wheel doesnt move. QUESTION: Hi, I just bought a Singer 221 Featherweight sewing machine and the 
Crafts	twin needle sewing. hi vinette,i have a toyota rs2000 and i am trying to twin sew on some lycra material.i am using a schmetz s
Crafts	alteration. I am altering a bridesmaid dress. Â It has three layers (lining, fashion fabric, georgette overlay. Â It is a straple
Crafts	sewing elastic tinside leggings and sportswear. how much elastic per inch should i use for gathering leggings and swim wear i k
Crafts	subger 132Q hand wheel won't turn. purchased on line. but needle seem to be jamming.. can turn by hand Â only 2 or 3 times. Hand
Crafts	lining a dress. I think I have a total mental block. I can't get the lining in the dress properly. It says with right sides tog
Crafts	Brother XL-5600 bobbin issues. I recently resurrected a fairly new, used-once-and-put-away Brother model Â XL-5600 home sewing m
Crafts	Elastic waistlines. How do you achieve the elastic waistline look that you see on 'store bought' slacks/shorts? Â It looks to me
Crafts	bobbin for touch n sew 625. How do you work this bobbin?We have tried everthing, undoing the bobbin and nothing works! Could yo
Crafts	Singer Stylist 534 will not feed and bobbin thread is bunching under plate. I'm borrowing a singer Stylist 534, the clothe will
Crafts	thread breaking. I have frequently battled this machine (TNS 758)because the thread keeps breaking. Can you offer any suggestio
Crafts	Touch & Sew 630. Is there a list that exists that would let me know what discs or cams will work in my machine? For example, wo
Crafts	Sewing ladies pants. I have Â a problem with the finishing of the bottom of the pants, they always look as though they are saggi
Crafts	threading my singer. Hi Terry, I think I have a 1937 Singer. It belonged to my Grandad who was Head Tailor at Bamberger's in Ne
Crafts	Singer 15-91. Hi - I just cleaned up and oiled a 15-91 that has been sitting up a long time. Â The motor is fine and has over a 
Crafts	Inconsistent Stitches on my Singer 756. I am having a problem with inconsistent sized stitches on my Singer 756. Â For example, 
Crafts	basic sewing question. Have not sewed for over 25 years. A very basic question. When cutting out pattern. cut 2 on the fold. 
Crafts	need help sewing a bathing suite. QUESTION: i am 14 and i took a class for sewing in middle school and I'm really good at it. Â 
Crafts	blue jean tapering. I have alot of flair leg blue jeans,and I hate how they look with my skinny legs. I really need to know how
Crafts	Upper Thread Catching On Bobbin Mechanism. Hello,  I bought a second hand Singer 201, which was working fine in the charity sho
Crafts	Vintage Singer 15-91 Wiring Diagram?. I just purchased a 15-91 ca 1937 in the library table. Don't ask me why. I don't sew, don
Crafts	special zig-zag model 756. this was given to me,and is bound up. it needs oiling,BADLY. where do i begin?
Crafts	Featherweight 100. Recently, someone gave me a Singer Featherweight machine, without a book.  While I was able to figure out th
Crafts	Sewing Machine top thread bunching up in the bottom.. My new sewing machine has been bunching up on the bottom of the fabric. I
Crafts	making a quilt. I need to put the preschoolers picture on his/her quilt piece. Â What materials and where may I get them?
Crafts	Installing new needle on sewing machine. Hello, It has been a LONG while since I sat down with a good ol' sewing machine. I use
Crafts	Computerized designing?. Do u know what softwares are used to design clothing and print patterns?  Thanks
Crafts	Altering cloths (jeans/shirts). Thx, could you go into more detail about how to alter the rise and waist? I'm a bit of a novice
Crafts	Alterations to ladies pants.. Hi,  I always have a problem when I purchase my pants. Â They are always to big in the hip area, m
Crafts	Carrying Cases for 640 model. I have a 640 model sewing machine. Â I thought the number 611 was the model number for the new pla
Crafts	Singer 401a sewing machine. I took the tension assembly apart to clean because the thread would jam up. Â Now i forgot exactly h
Crafts	Singer 401. Can you tell me what settings I use to use the cams -- I got it in and set at special but it does not make the st
Crafts	altered for bust, now neck / shoulders wrong. QUESTION: Vinette,  I am making Butterick 4336. Based on the body measurements li
Crafts	Singer Genie 353. I have a singer genie 353. Â The best I can figure out is my needle got bent, starting hitting the metal plate
Crafts	Hand wheel turns but doesn't move needle. Hi Terry I just pulled out my old Singer model # 348 and it was in bad need of cleani
Crafts	2 piece bobbin. How do you thread a 2 piece bobbin on a singer touch and sew sewing machine? JB
Crafts	Threading A Machine. I have a Singer Deluxe 7025. I need to know how to insert the bobbin. It is the type that needs no cartrid
Crafts	altering waistband on jeans. Hi,  I have several pairs of jeans that are large in the waist but fit fine in seat and hips. Â The
Crafts	thread problem. When I sew my upper thread shreads and bunches up above the needle. Â Why and what can I do to fix it.
Crafts	decorator shower curtain. How much material of a 54 width do I need to make a shower curtain (which will be pulled to one side
Crafts	I think I broke it!. I was darning a pair of jeans and going over the same spot repeatedly when some of the threads, a lot of t
Crafts	shortening pants between waist and crotch. QUESTION: Is there a way to shorten pants and slacks between waist and crotch?  ANSW
Crafts	SINGER. QUESTION: HELLO:  I WAS GIVEN THIS SEWING MACHINE WITHOUT MANUAL. I NEED TO KNOW HOW TO WIND THE BOBBIN. I CAN LIFT UP 
Crafts	Singer Model 756 Feed Dog. Hi Terry, I was in the middle of sewing with my Singer 756 and the feed dog suddenly stopped moving.
Crafts	motor controller. Hello Terry   Iwould like to know where I might could find a new or used   singer motor controller for my Â 19
Crafts	genie sewing machine. my bottom is pucking up real bad what would be wrong top thread is fine
Crafts	Altering the rise of jeans. Well, what I really want to do is change it from a high-waist jeans to a low-rise pair, so I guess 
Crafts	how to shorten the crotch length. saw your answer that I copied below, but it doesn't make much sense to me. Â please explain mo
Crafts	Needle for canvas. I have an Athena 2000 and want to repair some boat canvas. Â Can this machine handle it and if so, do I need 
Crafts	Singer Genie 354 bobbin problem. I have a Singer Genie 354 that used to be my great-grandmothers. Â I recently picked it up from
Crafts	adding a flare piece of material to pants leg. Have a pair of pants, cutoff below the knee. I want to add a flared piece of mat
Crafts	Which fabric. I am just wondering what fabrics i can use for different items, what are big impossibles, and what i can manage..
Crafts	alterning demin jeans. I have a pair of jeans that are wide leg and I would like to make them straight leg. Could this be done?
Crafts	repair question. My Singer 760 will not hook to the bobbin thread. Is something wrong down in the bobbin section that needs fix
Crafts	Feed Dog for Singer Touch & Sew 500. I need a Feed Dog for a Singer Touch & Sew 500 machine. Â The rubber has detiorated on mine
Crafts	straight of grain. I purchased 20 yards of decorator fabric online, and was told it was first quality not seconds. After I had 
Crafts	scrub top neckline. I am having trouble attching the two piece neckline to the scrub top. I can't figure out how to overlap the
Crafts	hemming a dress. I need to hem a tea-length dress for a friend. It has an underlayer and outerlayer. The outer layer I can hand
Crafts	Singer 703. Hi Terry It's me Ruth (You have my machines on your swap meet) Â Someone is asking me if my 758 has a chain stitch a
Crafts	Out of date pattern instruction. I want to machine quilt a cathedral window star block. The book that Salley Swanland wrote is 
Crafts	bobbin thread problem. I HAVE A SINGER TOUCH & SEW CIRCA 1968. TODAY I AM UNABLE TO GET BOBBIN THREAD TO PULL UP THREW THROAT P
Crafts	poncho with no pattern. My teenage daughter found a beautiful fleece blanket with finished edges in a reversable woodland patte
Crafts	bobbin  stich. I have a kenmore sewing machine that is about 25 years old, I am the oraginal owner. All of a sudden it will no 
Crafts	quilt pattern. I have seen a quilt in a store and have been looking for the pattern called Celtic Rose. The web site is www.Vil
Crafts	Easy Halloween treat bag question. My daughter is dying for a treat bag in the shape of a seashell (or seashells). Â Do you have
Crafts	Singer Athena 2000 machine.. I had an Athena 2000 machine and literally used it to death. Â I am looking at buying a used one on
Crafts	Slant-O-Matic 503 case. I just bought a Singer 503. Â My first vintage machine! Â Although the machine is in nearly pristine cond
Crafts	Gussets. How do you insert a gusset in an under arm area?
Crafts	Home Embroidery Machines. I have just purchased a Marie Emotions EM-1 Embroidery machine for my wife for xmas and have discover
Crafts	bobbin problem. I have an older singer stylist 534 which hasn't been used in years. The problem is, it starts sewing fine for t
Crafts	embroidery on a shirt. I just got a embroidery machine and was wondering if you knew how to measure on a shirt to put embroider
Crafts	sewing machine. I have a promblem with my sewing machine...it will not grab hold of he lower thread no matter what I do. I rewo
Crafts	Creating Curtains.... Hello, my wife and i recently purchased our first home and are having a relative sew us questions. nobody
Crafts	Washing signed fabrics. Dear Brenda, Thanks for taking the time to read over this question.  I have a t-shirt that I had signed
Crafts	sewing bathtub valance. hi vinette looks like you know it all i have asked you questions before on knit and crochet. glad you a
Crafts	SEWING CURTAINS. Hi Brenda, I am new at this sewing thing. I have a small apartment and would like to make some curtains.  I wo
Crafts	Cutting Curtains. Getting straight to the point, how do you get a long straight cut suitable for curtains? Thanks.
Crafts	Measurements. When making a valance for a 40 wide window how much material should be used to make a nice gathering on the rod 
Crafts	Finding Dress patterns. Hi, I was wondering how one goes about finding new or a particular dress pattern. For example, I saw a 
Crafts	FABRIC CARE QUESTION. This isn't exactly about sewing, but perhaps you can help me. Â I have a 5-year-old boy, very active, and 
Crafts	tent canvas. i saw that you had answered a similar question about a tent rip. Â i have a vintage pop-up trailer that needs a hel
Crafts	information on fabric decoration. hello  i was wondering if you could answer some of my questions if you have time  1-fabric de
Crafts	electric sewing machines. Hi, i doubt you'll be able to help but i am looking for either an alternative name for my pinnock sew
Crafts	silk. Hopefully you can help. Â I was wondering about colored silk. Â If you sweat while wearing it, will it discolor the way col
Crafts	Threading a sewing machine. I just got an old singer sewing machine, it's a stylist 513 and I've sewed a few times before but I
Crafts	DYEING FUR. Working on a textile project and want to acquire some fur and dye it, then use this fur to go with dyed fabric. Â An
Crafts	Touch and Sew models. Hello, In the Touch and Sew Singer models, what is the order of top of the line numbers to the basic mode
Crafts	Dress making. i have a short polyester dress with acetate over the top, and i want to add different length tiers underneath it,
Crafts	Altering princess line blouse. Hi!  How do I size down a princess line blouse? Â   Because of pear-shape body type (large hips, 
Crafts	sewing rate charges. I would like to sew curtains for people and need to know what to charge? Is it hourly or per job and how m
Crafts	needle won't stay threaded. I am hemming a pair of coveralls for a friend and the thread keeps coming out of the needle. I've a
Crafts	Singer model 15. I need to replace wiring in this machine . The Motor wires were damaged and seem to not be insulated in anyway
Crafts	How to sew velcro. It may be an obvious question, but I have never sewn velcro before. what is the recommended way to sew velco
Crafts	Singer Fashion mate 237. Hello I have just bought one of these machines and already love it its so simple. I think it may need 
Crafts	Singer Machine leaving black marks. My Singer machine is leaving black marks on the fabric I am sewing. Â It appears to be comin
Crafts	feed dog on a Kenmore sewing machine. I have an older Kenmore sewing machine, about 20+ years old that I've used almost every w
Crafts	threading the bobbin of a 600E. Hi,  I have a Singer touch and sew 600 E but don't know how to thread the bobbin. Can you tell 
Crafts	altering crotch of pants. I am short and any pant or capris I buy have a long crotch, can you help me alter my pants (slacks) s
Crafts	zipper in lined dress. I would like to know how to put a zipper in a lined dress. Â 
Crafts	lining a tank dress. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  How do I attach the lining to a tank dress so the neck
Crafts	Threading Question. I'm brand new to sewing. My friend showed me how to work her machine yesterday and then let me take it home
Crafts	cloth. What is georgette fabric? Is it a type of cotton?  Thanks for your help.
Crafts	needle hitting plate. I have an old singer touch and sew model 600E. I got it for a steal of $20. I am having problems with it 
Crafts	unpicking stitches. Is there an easier way to unpick coverstitches or serged stitches?
Crafts	Singer 503. Daughter-in-laws machine. Machine was stored in basement 8 years. Â Today she used it for a minute, sewing without l
Crafts	chiffon overskirts. I am making 4 bridesmaids dresses and each dress is different. The bride wants all dresses to have a chiffo
Crafts	Hi > I am looking for details.... Hi > I am looking for details relating to an industial sewing machine, > unfortunately the br
Crafts	Fabric Glue Remover. I am wondering if there is anything out there that you can use to remove rhinestones on fabric to repostio
Crafts	Scrap fabric question. Hello,  I just started sewing and so far I've made three men's cotton Tshirts for practice. Â After makin
Crafts	dress alteration. i just recently purchased a scoop-neck sleevless dress and the neckline is too high. i was thinking of turnin
Crafts	Can you stretch cotton garments?. Hi Vinette, thanks for taking the time to read this! I was just wondering if it was possible 
Crafts	touch and sew 600e needles. I recently was given my grandmothers singer touch and sew 600e well the bobbin jumped up and broke 
Crafts	Singer Touch and Sew 640. I have purchased a Singer Touch and Sew 640 but there are no instructions on how to use it. I am lost
Crafts	bunching on the bottom. i have just recieved a 140th Anniversary Singer 9022 from my mother in law, and it continues to bunch u
Crafts	stitching gets knotted up. I see what appears to be three parts to the bobbin. Â One is the part with the thread on it, the othe
Crafts	How to lubricate the motor of Singer 191J. I've recently acquired my grandmother's Singer 191J, which she has had since 1956. Â 
Crafts	eliminating centre back seam in pyjama pants. I am using a pajama pant pattern for my Grandson. Â Can you advise how to eliminat
Crafts	How to alter a princess line blouse. Hi!  How do I size down a princess line blouse? Â   Because of pear-shape body type (large 
Crafts	bobbin threader. Yolanda, I am resubmitting my February 12 question, as I do not have an answer yet. I have a model 354 Singer 
Crafts	Touch -n- sew bobbins. Is it possible that the 'arm' is Â bent Â and that Â is Â why the bobbin theard is not catching. I Â ahve tri
Crafts	Ironing polyester. Hi, Not sure if this falls into your area of expertise, but I could not figure who might know the answer to 
Crafts	help in regulating the thread tension. Hi, I am a student of class 12.I am using for the first time the pfaff model number 261 
Crafts	Elastic waist problem. The elastics always seem to roll even if I use non-roll elastic. What can I do sewing wise or are some e
Crafts	Singer 706 touch and sew. Hi sorry to bother you, but I have a singer T&S while I was sewing the other day something went crack
Crafts	Student Interview. -------------------------  Followup To  Question - Vinette, thank you so much for helping my students! Â If y
Crafts	Can you recommend a sewing machine?. I am looking for a sewing machine that is easy to figure out because I have never used one
Crafts	cashmere sweater. i have a couple cashmere sweaters and i love the fabric (of course, who doesn't-except those who are allergic
Crafts	tayloring a men's suit coat and pants. My husband received some suits from a friend but they are too big. Where is the best pla
Crafts	Jammed bobbin housing. ------------------------------------------- The text above is a follow-up to ...  -----Question----- I'm
Crafts	sewing a ballet tutu. Hi Vinette!  I am in INDIA & love this site.I have spent hours browsing the net looking for instructions 
Crafts	Georgette  fabric. Two months ago I bought a black georgette dress. Â The bodice has 4 rows of ruffles of the same fabric. Â Unkn
Crafts	making draperies with grommets at the top. Have many many window treatments Â before however son wants drapery panels with gromm
Crafts	Nelco machine. I just bought a Nelco Machine at a garage sale. Â I tested it out and it seems that the bobbin theading mechanism
Crafts	foot control on my singer. I have a singer # 9022 I think the foot needs to be replaced as it doesn't seem to want to go at a f
Crafts	fleece. i am wanting to personalize a fleece blanket with someones name. i don't know how to sew. i could probably hand sew the
Crafts	Singer Futura II Footpedal. Heh. Â Actually I have a 15-91 sitting at my mom's house. Â I think it needs a little work, but I've 
Crafts	my bobbin will not work. hi my name is mary. i have a singer 7422 i put my bobbin on the spindle but it stops every few seconds
Crafts	drapery fabric. I ordered drapery fabric from a 12 X 16 swatch. Â When it came and I looked at the large piece it seems to be cr
Crafts	singer 401A. BOUGHT FOR GRANDCHILD - NO MANUAL - CAMS POP OUT - HOW DO I SET MACHINE TO USE THE CAMS? Â ALSO HOW DO I SET IT FOR
Crafts	shoulders. What an excellent answer, and so quickly! thank you! I guess taper to underarm means pull up slack toward underarm. 
Crafts	sewing purse. do you have instructions(with pics) how to make capri sun purses?
Crafts	Altering pants. Hello, I would like to alter a wide bottom pair of trousers/pants to a more fashionable bootleg width. Can this
Crafts	singer 221 light. Hello !  I just bought a featherweight. Â I am new to this sewing machine. Â My featherweight light dims when I
Crafts	altering pant crotch. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I am enlarging a pair of pants and I made the sides a
Crafts	koala sewing kit. Thank you for getting back to me so promptly, but I think there's been a bit of miscommunication. The Bear is
Crafts	403A Slint needle Machine Singer. I have a 403A Slant Needle Singer Sewing Machine.Serial Number NA949768. Â It was my grandmoth
Crafts	adjusting slack pattern. QUESTION: Way back in my high school days, we were taught how to adjust slack patterns so they would f
Crafts	Altering a sleeve. I'm making my daughters wedding dress from a McCalls pattern and I've made a sample dress for making adjustm
Crafts	bottom stitching seems knotted. I do not have a singer, I have a kenmore, but am hoping that you can help to fix problem, it ma
Crafts	Singer 700 Walking foot. I would like to buy a walking foot for my Singer 700. Do I have to buy a special throat plate for it? 
Crafts	New Home machine thread tension. I bought a new home sewing machine a number of years back and have sedolm used it because of a
Crafts	organza ruffle. Hi, I want to a make a pageant dress for my daughter. The style is a cup cake skirt made out of organza ruffles
Crafts	raincoat pattern. I'm 15 years old and would like to make a vinyl raincoat for a 4-H project. Â I found the fabric but I can't f
Crafts	Singer machine. Hello Terry, I was sewing along to day just fine on a Singer 9018... all of a sudden when i changed the fabric 
Crafts	Problem with bobbin. Hi  I am an amateur at machine sewing and would be very grateful if you can solve this problem for me.  Af
Crafts	touch & sew 778 bobbin case. I took out the bobbin case and now I can't get it to go back in. Â Do you have a diagram for that? 
Crafts	tension problem. I don't know much about sewing...I have a Pfaff Hobby 301 and can't find the manual. Â When I am trying to sew 
Crafts	Sewing Machine. I am trying to sew a hem on a skirt on my sewing machine. Â I have not used the sewing machine in a quiet a whil
Crafts	singer quantum 9910 jamming. I have a machine that is less than a year old. Â it has jammed off and on when overcasting since I 
Crafts	Threading a bobbin on a varimatic 6085. Hi Vinette,  I'm JUST learning how to use my mom's varimatic 6085 sewing machine. She r
Crafts	Needle hitting rotating hook--now it won't thread. Hi Terry,  I have and old Singer Touch & Sew 628. In the middle of a current
Crafts	Altering Semi-Fitted Slipcovers. I've been sewing since I was 12 years old making my own clothes at times and clothes for my da
Crafts	What steps should I take?. Â Â Â I myself am fourteen years old, and I have been very interested in fashion design for at least th
Crafts	Altering patterns. I bought a Butterick valance pattern (#3492 which gathers on a rod) that says is is for windows sized 36, 42
Crafts	altering man's shirt. I purchased several shirts for husband. Â He has since lost much weight and shirts are too large. Â How can
Crafts	How do you decide how much to add to pattern?. I have pattern M4827 I am a size 20 and I made a size 20. Â It's at least 6 inche
Crafts	Waist band measurement. When putting in an elastic waist band what should the length of the elastic be?
Crafts	Shortening sheer curtains. Hi, The curtains in my living room are about 2 feet longer than I would like them to be. I want to s
Crafts	bodice pattern measurement. What should the measurement be when cutting out a bodice on the fold from a  stretch fabric, to fit
Crafts	Turn a knitted type throw into a poncho. I want to make a poncho from a purchased knitted throw. Â I need to make a neck hole an
Crafts	singer on the fritz. hello. i have a feather weight and was wondering if you could help me with my problem. i was sewing the ot
Crafts	Altering a McCall's pattern. On, Vinette, I'm so thankful you're here! Â I volunteer with teen problems, and I just knew someone
Crafts	back in time. My sewing machine is, out of time, it is a SHARK by Euro-Pro. Can you help me?
Crafts	Singer Futura II 920 reputation. Hi, Terry,  I have two more questions. I greased and oiled the new futura II 920 and it works 
Crafts	Singer Athena 2000. Have Athena 2000, bobbin case isn't working. Â Found that the gears that control the bobbin mechanism were b
Crafts	ELASTIC  WAIST BANDS. I SEWED ELASTIC AROUND A CAN-CAN I WAS MAKING FOR MY GRANDAUGHTER AND IT WILL NOT GO BACK TO IT'S ORIGINA
Crafts	change bell bottom pants to straight. Hello Vinette: I'd like to take the flare out of some favorite pants but am not certain h
Crafts	singer 758 feed dogs. after I replace the feed dog do I have to reset feed timing and if so --how do I do that? ---------------
Crafts	singer machine antique. I have a singer sewing machine and would like to know where on it i could find the model or serial numb
Crafts	Singer Touch and Sew 620. I have recently acquired a Touch and Sew 620. Â What can you tell me about this machine - good,bad or 
Crafts	Cylinder arm Singer Machine. I have an old Singer cylinder arm sewing machine that I understand is used for leather and canvas 
Crafts	Singer Quantum XL1. I too have a inherited Singer Quantum XL1 and experiencing the same problem after selecting a pattern, the 
Crafts	waist band. I am making a pair of jeanie pants and can not figure out how to put the waistband on
Crafts	dress alterations. I want to wear an old prom dress for Halloween but it's about two sizes too small. Â Is there an easy way to 
Crafts	Complete novice . . . Help me please!!!. Hey, I want to make my shirts and jeans tighter. I found my mom's old sewing machine i
Crafts	old model singer. i recently found an old model singer sewing machine. i was wondering if you could help me to determine what y
Crafts	sewing pattern. I need to make a teepee for a classroom. Â It needs to hold at least 4 1st graders so I'm thinking about 7 or 8 
Crafts	lining and invisible zipper. I am altering a lined dress that is machine stitched Â and has an invisible zipper machine stitched
Crafts	Singer 640 -  Bobbin theread tension Q./ Part needed. Hi Terry,   I'm so glad I found your site! Â Hopefully you are able to hel
Crafts	Altering McCalls 9123 scrub pattern. I am having a problem with this nurse's scrub neck area. Â The two interfacing (?) pieces (
Crafts	Creating slopers. I am working on creating a sloper for pants/jeans and would like to make it with a lower rise. Â Should I take
Crafts	neckline alterations. I'd like to create a sweetheart neckline for a dress (perhaps with Princess seams). Do you have a pattern
Crafts	working with knits. I found a pattern to sew tubans for chemo patients. Â I've never worked with knits. Â Any advice. Â Also what 
Crafts	Sewing Scalloped lace. Thanks for your reply.  Here is a link to the top originally made by mothercare. I have made a paper pat
Crafts	Iron-on patches. I have tried iron-on patches on several occations in an attempt to repair torn shirts and jeans. But they neve
Crafts	lined valance. I am having trouble getting the lining of my valance to lay flat after sewing on 3 sides and turning. Â These are
Crafts	replace my sewing machine. Hi Terry ,I have been in search for a singer touch and sew machine I believe it was model # 700 or 7
Crafts	VERY new to sewing. Hi there. I have recently decided to start making some accessories, bedding, and perhaps dresses...or attem
Crafts	Singer 401 repair. I have recently bought a 401 Singer, and it was in excellent condition so I thought. Â Upon running it, white
Crafts	Singer 401A stitch selector. I have a Singer 401A that is in good condition and sews well except...it will only do a straight s
Crafts	ruffles with fishing line hems. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I have to make some ruffles that use the fi
Crafts	Blanket out of tee shirts. Hello :-)   My fiancee has a million soccer championship tee shirts from over the years. He wants to
Crafts	T&S walking foot. I am looking for a walking foot for a Model 758 Touch and Sew. Â I am starting to quilt and was told I need on
Crafts	thread thicknesses. QUESTION: I wonder if you can help - I have bought a Willcox & Gibbs machine but the thread sizes on the pl
Crafts	Identify and price. I have a singer and i belive that it was fabricated between 1863 and 1872. I think that is model 12  on sid
Crafts	Altering Jeans - Tighter Look - How?. I have various pairs of brand new denin jeans but unfortunately, I've gone down a size or
Crafts	chain stitching parts. Thank you for your answer to my question and I printed off the directions for doing the chain stitching.
Crafts	SEWING MACHINE. I RECENTLY BOUGHT ASEWING MACHINE AT A AUCTION . IM TRYING TO FIND INFO ON IT. IT IS BLACK IN COLOR HAS THE WOR
Crafts	sewing machine identification. Is their a reliable source on the Internet that can help me identify an old Sterling sewing mach
Crafts	Thread weight. What weight is regular sewing thread? Is it 40 wt? what is 30 weight?
Crafts	singer 401a. I have a singer 401a. It appears to be in good shape. The problem I am having is the stitching. It will do good ti
Crafts	Singer Stylist #514. Hello, Recently, I replaced the needle on my machine and now I can't get it threaded properly - the bobbin
Crafts	Shortening spaghetti straps. What is the best way to shorten spaghetti straps on a bridesmaid's dress? double straps on each si
Crafts	Moter lead hookup on 401A. We have a Singer model 401A that has been stored in a box with the motor out of it for many years. I
Crafts	400 series singer sewing machines. QUESTION: What is the major difference between a Singer 403A and a Singer 401A slant needle 
Crafts	Feed dog gears and timing. The the long feed dog gear on my Scholastic model 717 just broke. If I replace the gears myself, wil
Crafts	singer 411g. I recently saw a singer 411g. It is apparently made in Germany. It looks a lot like my singer 401a. Do their parts
Crafts	singer 600 bobbins. I work for the public library in Louisiana and a lady came into the library asking if we could help her. Â S
Crafts	Singer 5062. My machine will not run normally. Â When I step on the pedal, it sounds like the machine is trying to go but won't 
Crafts	New Home Sewing Machine Needles?. I have been searching for replacement needles for my New Home Model #640 and haven't had any 
Crafts	Bobbin Winder / Hook driver for Singer 603E. QUESTION: I need to replace this part, I read on your site that the early 600 had 
Crafts	thread tension. I have a low end singer 40 machine which is about 2 years old and which I have used about 15 times. Â if I sew a
Crafts	Feed dog gears replacement. Hi Terry, I have a singer 534 stylist. The feed dog gears broke. I am attempting to remove old gear
Crafts	Adding shirt stay material to pants.. Most pants have smooth waist top which lets a shirt slide out. Looking for a material and
Crafts	I am looking for an embroidery/sewing.... I am looking for an embroidery/sewing machine in about the $400 price range. I've bee
Crafts	corset. Hi Vinette! Â I am trying to make a corset. Â Actually, it was a year or more since I tried and gave up so now that I've 
Crafts	Shortening a gown from the waist.. I have a bridesmaid dress to alter including the hem. Â The dress has rows of ribbon on the o
Crafts	Grooves in tension disk. Hello,  I've just bought a new industrial post sewing machine that cannot is not sew a constitent lock
Crafts	grommets. I need to set some grommets. Â I have several grommets in a box, and a two piece tool of some sort that is pointed on 
Crafts	FABRIC QUESTION. This isn't exactly about sewing, but perhaps you can help me. Â I have a 5-year-old boy, very active, and the k
Crafts	Fabric choice. I was wondering what kind of fabric should i choose for swim suits?
Crafts	Kenmore feed dog. Hello ! I have a 20 (more or less) old Kenmore sewing machine Sensorsew 70. Â Is there a way to lower the fe
Crafts	Singer Touch and Sew 750. My singer will not pick up the thread from the bobbin. What is the proper procedure to fix this? I ha
Crafts	Singer Touch & Sew Model 640. What should the pattern selectors, stitch width, stitch length and tension knob be set to
Crafts	top gear pin removal. Hello.  I have a model 648 machine with a stripped top vertical gear. Â The gear appears to have a pin thr
Crafts	Problems with second hand touch and sew 600Emachine. Hey Terry,  I've had a, fairly brief, look at some of the questions you've
Crafts	Converting fitted sheet from kingsize to queensize bed. How to converting a fitted sheet from king size to queen size bed? THan
Crafts	special feet for touchtronic 2000. Hi, I'm starting to sew again after several years and saw that there are additional foot att
Crafts	Sateen drapery lining. Is there a correct side to this lining & if so, how do I know which one it is?
Crafts	Surge Stitch. I know that a surge stitch can be used along the edge of a scraf, but what is a surge stitch and how is it done.
Crafts	catchin the lower thread. QUESTION: I have an Omega 373OM made by kenmore. I cant get the machine to catch the lower thread of 
Crafts	sewing with lace. I am making a long dress to wear at my son's wedding. The dress ( Simplicity 5561) is solid fabric and I want
Crafts	buttonholer for slant-o-matic 403a. Hi, Â I have a slant o matic 403a that was handed down to me from my  grandmother and I am i
Crafts	scalloped fabric. My daughter purchased fabric for a dress that has a scalloped edge and she would like the scallop to be on th
Crafts	Singer Model 306W timing belt. I am in desperate need for a timing belt for this machine. I bought the machine online and was n
Crafts	upper thread keeps coming out of needle. Hello, I have a brother Â XL2600 sewing machine. Â The upper thread keeps pulling out of
Crafts	Cutting drapery fabric. QUESTION: I need guidance on cutting drapery fabric evenly. Â It is very difficult for me to cut 49 x 71
Crafts	Singer Futura 250 CE. I just purchased this sewing machine, and have been having a great time with it. Â However, the other day,
Crafts	top thread jams in bobbin case. I have a Singer Stylist 534. Â After a few stitches (maybe 10 - all of good tension and laying p
Crafts	sewing bobbin problems. QUESTION: placing bobbin in and when i do the thread is bunching up & knotting i do believe im not plac
Crafts	Singer 638. I just threaded some heavier outdoor thread to resew a light canvas/plastic seam binder (edge of hammock). Â I wound
Crafts	Putting machine in desk cabinet. We have an old Singer Touch and Sew II machine and its original desk type wooden cabinet. Â Aft
Crafts	Singer 500a. I've recently acquired a Singer 500a. It didn't come with a buttonholer attachment. What should I look for when pu
Crafts	altering pants. -------------------------  Hello Vinette, how are you?  My sowing machine sows the cotton on one side like norm
Crafts	New Singer Simple Machine broke. Terry, I received a new Singer Simple-16 stitch 3116 for my birthday a month ago. Â One of the 
Crafts	Bobbin not spinning. I have inherited an old Singer T&S 645 but can't seem to make it work. I noticed the bobbin is not spinnin
Crafts	Singer model 648 - about its parts. i own a singer 600E and i recently bought a model 648. they are very similar, and after oil
Crafts	Sewing. Hello,  I could not find anyone on the web site who said that they were an expert with sewing machines, so I hope you d
Crafts	bobbin thread. Whenever I start to sew the bobbin thread somehow gets caught up in the hook and I have to take apart the bobbin
Crafts	15-91. Hi, I have a model 15-91 sewing machine that my brother gave me. It needs to have new wires to the motor and light and h
Crafts	sewing stretch. hi what kind of thread should i use to sew a fabric like spandex and lycra?
Crafts	Sewing for beginners. Hello, Â What's the best way to begin to learn to sew/make alterations? Â Is there a website or book you ca
Crafts	altering elastic waitband. I am new at this. Â I need to take up the waist area of my sons pajama pants. Â They have elastic and 
Crafts	Fitting a plunging bodice. Creating a cocktail dress with a girlfriend of mine and the pattern is cut for a strapless-straight-
Crafts	Singer Model 638. Hi, I just pulled out my mom's old Singer and realized that she kept  everything but the manual. Â I'm a newbi
Crafts	Singer T&S Deluxe Zig-Zag #758. I was using the feather stitch flexi-disc when all of a sudden the disc quit turning. Â I have t
Crafts	my sewing machines baing mean!. It worked fine yesterday. Then the needle broke. I inserted a new one now when I go to sewe it 
Crafts	Queen size coverlet. QUESTION: Hi Karen, Â I am a quilter and my daughter wants me to make a queen size coverlet with piping wit
Crafts	Altering the waist size of  shorts.... QUESTION: I was curious to know if there is anything I can do to let the waist out just 
Crafts	Futura 920 stitching timing. Hmmm. Very frustrating. The machine is still throwing out these massive loops. Now, on every stitc
Crafts	Cutting curtains. Getting straight to the point, how do you get a long straight cut suitable for curtains? Thanks.
Crafts	Expert who can help with a model 354 Singer Genie. I am sorry. I don't seem to find the email, you sent, Â giving me the name of
Crafts	thread. I have just had my surger repaired and was told it had trouble because of bad/weak thread. Â How do you know if the thre
Crafts	singer 99k. Terry, I have an old singer 99k portable that I would like to use for on site upholstery repair. I can not figure o
Crafts	altering blue jeans. I have a very short body and need jeans that hit below my belly button, I have a lot of jeans that are mor
Crafts	change high waste jeans to low rise. How do I take regular ladies jeans that are too tight in the (high) waste and make them lo
Crafts	Bobbin problem. Just started sewing with a basic simple machine.  My bobbin thread will not pull up and the upper thread is w
Crafts	Singer 401A Spool Pin Replacement. I have a singer 401A machine... I don't think the spool pins have ever been replaced... They
Crafts	crotch alteration. I have a generous buttock area and have a terrible time trying to find pants that fit properly. What is the 
Crafts	bobbin winding. singer touch & sew model 778 cannot figure out how to wind bobbin, please help.
Crafts	Singer 503 foot contro. I have taken my machine out of the cabinet where there was a knee control attached. Â Now I have the con
Crafts	Singer 7422 buttonhole patterns. I can use all the patterns on this machine but when it comes down to the buttonhole patterns, 
Crafts	Feather weight 221. Terry, Â Â I mean that the machine is locked up and won't turn.. There was a thread jam and I thought I got i
Crafts	altering slacks. How can I reconstruct pleated slacks into flat front slacks? Â I have several pair and the material is fantasti
Crafts	there is aproblem with something. I properly threaded my string! But evertime i begin to sew my stirng kept on breaking, after 
Crafts	board for ironing tablecolths. My husband has made me a board for ironing large tablecloths. Â I would like to know just how to 
Crafts	Singer Touch & Sew 646. Please tell me your opinion of the Singer 500A? Â No rush on the answer. Thanks ------------------------
Crafts	timing. My husband can fix anything, but i am unable to find any info on ajusting timing. Â I have fixed the timing on an indust
Crafts	Singer 533 timing. I have a Model 533 on which I just replaced the 2 hook drive gears (parts # 103361 & 163997). The problem 
Crafts	Singer 404. Hi! Â I have a Singer 404 sewing machine that was working great, but now the needle thread and bobbin threads aren't
Crafts	about Pfaff 230-260 automatic. hi, would like to know how i replace the timing belt the axle seams to be very hard to remove, i
Crafts	Tapering a shirt. Dear Vinette  Let me start by thank you in advance for taking the time to answer my question. My question (or
Crafts	New to Sewing. I'm in the market for a new sewing machine. I have a Singer Stylist 834 that belongs to my grandmother but it's 
Crafts	Singer Touch-n-sew needle threader. Hi Terry,  I have a Singer Touch-n-sew Model 603E (Made in sixties or early seventies). Can
Crafts	pants alteration. kwick sew pants-elastic waist-how do you fix a to large crotch depth in front area? If I shorten on l/s line 
Crafts	Home sewing. Hi Brenda, Im planning on making my 6 year old daughter A Disney Princess Canopy to go over her twin size bed for 
Crafts	how to set up the bobbin. how do you set up the bobbin so the needle grabs it Â 
Crafts	Sewing Machine Problem. I sew a little. Am not professional by any means. I haven't sew in a number of years but when I tried t
Crafts	gapping jeans. I recently bought my daugher a few pairs of jeans for school. Â Now days it's hard to fit them because they all h
Crafts	line draperies. I read your answer about lined drapes and have some additional questions Â I  have been looking high and low.   
Crafts	Removing a logo. I bought a shirt that I really like but I hate the logo on the front. It's stitched in and I wanted to know ho
Crafts	Squealing Singer 201. I bought a Singer 201. Had it serviced last May and closed it up in a cabinet  until yesterday (1-25-2008
Crafts	Singer Stylist 534 - broken feed gear. I believe I have a broken feed gear, I have the same problem as Cheryl. (material stops 
Crafts	Help with Singer Touch and Sew 600. I just acquired a Singer Touch and Sew 600 with a sewing table and chair that I got from Cr
Crafts	Race does'nt turn. Singer stylist#413 makes noise & will not pick up thread when starting from bobbin & turning wheel.The needl
Crafts	Singer Athena 2000 sewing machine bobbin. For some reason my bobbin thread bunches up when sewing - the top stitches look perfe
Crafts	201 bobbin case. Singer belt driven series AH 1948-49 Â on this model, the bobbin case is stuck solid. Â Can the bobbin case be r
Crafts	Singer 604E bobbin threading. I just purchased a used Singer Touch & Sew 604E and do not have a manual. I completed one project
Crafts	Jeans too big in waist. I bought a pair of jeans to get them home and discover they're too big in the waist. The size of pants 
Crafts	Metal gears?. Hi Terry, I have to sew some name/numbers on my canvas sail cover (single thickness).(Grrrr). It isn't too thick 
Crafts	waist alterations on denum. i bought these jeans in a size 27 but then i lost weight and now the jeans are about an inch too bi
Crafts	Singer 756. How do i wind the bobbin on a singer 756? Is there any online manuals, all i could find was one for sale?
Crafts	singer 600e sewing machine. lost manual and do not remember how to wind the bobbin. Its a drop in self winding bobbin. Can you 
Crafts	Singer. What older Singers can do a chain stitch? Â That's all I want out of the machine. Â Thanks_Marie
Crafts	feed dog. can you tell me how to raise the feed dog on a singer stylist 534 I just got it and it was sewing fine then all of a 
Crafts	Singer Touch&Sew model 640. I had downloaded a soft copy of the manual, but lost it in a computer crash! Â What size needles do 
Crafts	sewing on velcro. Can you tell me the proper way to sew velcro on material... do I take the cellophone strip off.. my needle se
Crafts	Organza Bag. I am just trying to find out how to make a simple organza drawstring bag (small using ribbion for drawstring).  Ca
Crafts	wind a bobbin on sonata 6610. Lost manual for singer Sonata 6610. Help! How to wind bobbin on singer sonata 6610?
Crafts	Decal on Futura II 920. Hi Terry, My Futura II 920 has part of the black letting stitch length removed from the surface (near
Crafts	Bias direction. I heard the straight grain is to be top left to botton right on bias cut garments a right slant! --------------
Crafts	lights  but no power. purchased a new home HF5024 Â (i think it is the same as JANOME 4623) today at a thrift store. it has a ne
Crafts	shortening sleeve lenth in knitted cardigans and cotton tops. Hello Vinette  Â Â It is going to be a long one so please bare with
Crafts	alterations on jeans. i dropped a few sizes now im wondering is there a way i can altor my jeans they are farely new i really d
Crafts	MACHINE MOTEOR. NEED TO KNOW WHAT MOTOR CAME IN THE GOLDEN TOUCH N SEW 600 SLANT AND IF YOU HAVE ONE FOR SALE OR AN ENTIRE MACH
Crafts	Zigzag Stitch. Hello,  How I change back my singer 132q machine to stitch straight. Â It seems to be stuck on zigzag stitch.  Th
Crafts	which to pick. I have a small budget of about $150. what would be a good sewing machine to buy. I want one to sew clothes; to f
Crafts	301 cabinet. Do you know anything about the cabinets for 301s? Â I have a #40 cabinet and a cradle and yet still can't get it to
Crafts	Sergers. I am in the market of purchasing a new serger. Â I have owned a Singer professional for the last 10 years and was very 
Crafts	tension. Bottom thread is bunching up. Â How do I adjust the tension?
Crafts	pants  too short. I am 5'9 tall and have difficulty finding pants long enough. Â I have a pair of pants which are too short and
Crafts	bobbin loading singer 760. I have a singer 760 with no instuctions and would like to know how to load a bobbin, mum has tried t
Crafts	fabric glue. Hi Can you tell me please a glue that will hold velcro to fabric, seems velcro is stronger than the glues used to 
Crafts	shorting sleeves on a suit jacket. I recently inherited a number of fabulous suit jackets that are worth altering to fit proper
Crafts	How to draw arch for arched valance. QUESTION: I am having trouble hand drawing a decent looking arch. I have marked the  short
Crafts	Zipper. Hi guys. Could you tell me how to replace a zipper in a corduroy jacket? Â 
Crafts	bobbin case and needle breaking. i have a janome rx18s that has been out of commission for some time now because i keep breakin
Crafts	Kenmore sewing machine  problems. Hi.I have just aquired an older(mabe 20 year old) Kenmore sewing machine.I am just learning t
Crafts	Want To Learn. Hello,  I want to be a fashion designer and I have already started to design, but the problem is I can't sew. Â H
Crafts	old singer sewing machine. I have a very old singer machine series number 8042086, from 1888. I would like to know what would b
Crafts	Altering shirt/pants. Hi!   I have a few band t/shirts that I was wondering how to make them have a form fit but I don't like t
Crafts	Bobbins. I Have and old singer touch & sew model 620. the machine won't make a stitch. I think every thing is threaded right bu
Crafts	Round Table Cloth. Hi guys. Could you tell me how to make a round table cloth?
Crafts	Dial N Sew FA-772 Sewing Machine. Who made this brand and do you know anything about this machinie? It has an attaching table t
Crafts	singer stylist 514. what to know how to thread my sewing machine please get back to me thank you very much
Crafts	help sewing pants. i Â am fairly new to sewing i started makeing purses then shirts i am self taught and i just recently bought 
Crafts	Singer 700 & 758. ------------------------------------------- Thank you very much for your input. Without sounding stupid, when
Crafts	slipcover. I would like to make custom slipcovers for my furniture but I am not an experienced sewer and cannot afford to get t
Crafts	how does the stretch setting on a sewing machine work?. I'm new to sewing but I can only learn things if I understand the mecha
Crafts	Machine Issues. Dear Brenda, Â   Â Â Â Â Â Â Â I have only recently begun to sew for my backpacking and climbing hobby. I purchased an 
Crafts	dog coat. I have researched on the internet for a free sewing pattern to download for my 4.6 pound puppy. Only found 2 sites. O
Crafts	shortening lined jacket sleeves. purchased corderoy lined jacket with sleeves about 1 too long. Have opened the bottom of one 
Crafts	touch n sew 700. QUESTION: am trying to sew on fleece fabric - and micro suede but stitches will not catch. Â Have tried ball po
Crafts	needle guide?. Thank you for your fast reply to my question.  But I have another one, the lever behind the machine when I rise 
Crafts	Mens Sewing Fashion. Dear Darlene. When I was younger and visiting an old fabric store in Detroit with my mother, I seem to rec
Crafts	blindstitch setting. The part I'm missing is like a small metal post that is situated right in front of the thread spool on top
Crafts	Bobbin Case for Euro Pro 9110. I damaged the bobbin case (its only plastic) on my euro pro 9110 and cannot find a place to orde
Crafts	Touch & Sew 758. I just got a Singer Touch & Sew 758 at a thrift store and it only came with one fashion disc/cam and not the p
Crafts	T & S 758 Bobbin. I have inherited a T & S 758 Sewing Machine and I need to know how to wind the bobbin.  Can you help? Thank y
Crafts	singer 201-2 problem. This machine was working until I wound a bobbin according to the manual pp. 8,9. Â I guess I don't fully u
Crafts	Singer 1120.. Need help soon!!!. The thread keeps coming out of the needle it does not break, it just does not sew anything whe
Crafts	bobbin case singer 403. I recently purchased a singer 403, was having problems wiht wadded thread in bobbin area while sewing. 
Crafts	Valances with back tabs. Hi, Â I have looked in several pattern books as well as many web sites and have been unable to find eit
Crafts	taking in waist on kid's pants. My two year old son is very small in the waist. Â The length of his pants are correct, but the w
Crafts	needles for models 750 singer golden touch. are all singer needles the same in length for all models my needle does not fit my 
Crafts	Futura II Model 920. My Futura II has quit working. Repair shop stated it was a timing belt. Â I plan on purchasing the belt, ho
Crafts	Treadle machine. I am trying to find out how old our treadle sewing machine is, but cannot find a manufacturer or serial number
Crafts	T&S 758 - feed timing. I had a slipping timing belt, probably caused by a loose belt and also a dirty lower cog. After I fixed 
Crafts	Jacket Lining. Hello! Wondering if you might be able to show how to best put a lining in a jacket? I've looked at a couple sewi
Crafts	i have a probleme sewing the crotch of my pants. i like my pants very very very tight. Â have no prob sewing the legs. buh when 
Crafts	patio door drape. QUESTION: I have a big sliding glass door that I would like to cover with a single panel drape and a valance 
Crafts	singer slant-o-matic 403 special tension?. I have a problem with the thread bunching up under the cloth it is the top thread th
Crafts	Sewing fur. I'm making a bean bag cover in fake fur. Â It's the simplest pattern but no matter how much I tack or pin the materi
Crafts	gormets. How do you attach them to handbags
Crafts	Tatting. Yes I was wondering if you knew how to do tatting.
Crafts	Stitch troubles with my Singer 500a. I recently inherited my grandmother's Singer 500a machine and just started sewing with it.
Crafts	golden touch and sew 750. I just got this at a thrift store. Â Oiled everything and it straight sews wonderfully. Â When I try to
Crafts	Singer 750 model Big Problem. My Mother machine, start to bunch the top thread on the bottom part of the material when sewing o
Crafts	1/4  binding. Although I have sewn many projects, I am not adept at adding a narrow 1/4 wide double bias tape to anything, le
Crafts	Cams for 401A Singer. Do the cams for the 503 also work for the 401A?
Crafts	Denim Jeans. Hi,I have a pair of lawman jeans no back pockets they fit in waist but to big in the hips and legs how do I Â take 
Crafts	bigger waist. my son needs his carhart pants bigger in the waist what can i do ???
Crafts	curtains. can you give me agood way to work out how much material i need for curtains. ie like a chart.
Crafts	threading Singer 100. Hi Terry, I also recently got a Singer 100 without a manual and am having difficulty troubleshooting. I s
Crafts	foot controller. It starts OK then the speed starts slowing down after a minute or two. Â Can this be fix or do I need a new foo
Crafts	Photo quilt. I recently made a photo quilt. Â I mistakenly used a laser printer rather than an  ink jet printer to print the pho
Crafts	Bobbin bunching up. Do you know what the problem could be? When I sew on the 756 model, Touch and Sew, the bobbin thread is end
Crafts	Right Fabric for this pattern?. Vinette - I have been mulling over my wedding dress style pattern and fabric to use for months.
Crafts	Creating buttonholes on Singer 7452. I just purchased this machine and have never made buttonholes on any machine. (I have done
Crafts	Singer tension problem?. I acquired a vintage Singer 301A and it appears to have a bobbin tension problem. Â The stitching produ
Crafts	Singer 1591. I was wondering if you knew the value of a Singer Model 1591, I have one in great shape, some but a very little co
Crafts	singer 306W. Hi Terry I am looking for Singer Free Arm, mechanical or electronic, new or used-that will accept the same attachm
Crafts	401A and cams. I have a 401A machine with parts for the 'slant o matic' including several cams. I  only just figured out what
Crafts	repair of tension dial on singer stitch sew quick. I have a hand held singer stitch sew quick, which was working fine until the
Crafts	altering pants pattern for higher rise. QUESTION: I'm 5'11 with long legs and apparently a long torso. I would like to alter a
Crafts	Parts for 600E. I have this Touch and Sew 600E Singer that I still prefer over my other machines. Â But the other day, the light
Crafts	Singer 750 Binding. My wife just bought a Singer Deluxe Zig Zag model 750. It is in good shape except for one thing - when I ra
Crafts	How do I know a used machine is a good one. Hi - I'm in the market for a used Singer 401 - lol - just like Mom had! When I come
Crafts	singer athena 2000. I have just purchased a used Singer Athena 2000 Computerized sewing machine. While it appears to work beaut
Crafts	dress diamonds.. i got a prom dress and i want to add some diamonds. like big enough ones that are flashy and i want to put the
Crafts	singer t&s zig zag series 648. i just purchased this in a yard sale for $15 and its in great shape, i am wondering if you can t
Crafts	pattern adjustment. QUESTION: I am using a Vogue pattern to make a Communion dress. Â I would like to use the scalloped edge of 
Crafts	wide leg pants. How do I convert a regular pant pattern to one with wide legs?
Crafts	bobbin thread issue. Since I just put a freshly thread bobbin in the case on my singer 7412 and am having some issues with the 
Crafts	Fabric recognition/naming/identification. Hi :]  I really really hope you can help me! I'm starting a sewing project within the
Crafts	cams. I bought a Singer 248 Fashion Mate at a garage sale, I think it is in the 1800 series. The cams are missing and I need to
Crafts	Bobbin doesn't turn. Hello, I have an older Singer sewing machine and the bobbin Â case has stopped turning. Â The whole thing ju
Crafts	loose bobbin tension. I am new at sewing and have my husband's grandmother's Singer Futura II, 920 sewing machine. I feel that 
Crafts	cutting curtains out. hello/ when i make curtains i can never get the bottom really straight. They always end up different leng
Crafts	Singer 500 vs. 501. Please tell me your opinion of the Â Slant-o-Matic Singer 500. Â Can you please tell me how it differs from t
Crafts	Linen Drapes. Hi, I have found your Q & A's to be VERY helpful!! Â Now I need a little direction.   I am in the process of makin
Crafts	transfer paper on canvas cloth. Hi, I' planning on making a plain sling bag using canvas cloth. I would like to put a design us
Crafts	sewing a drawstring bag. hello.. i want to know how to sew a simple drawstring bag for my son to keep his little army men in. Â 
Crafts	problem with needle or bobbin. I am right in the middle of holiday sewing and all of a sudden, the needle wouldn't pick up the 
Crafts	Sleeve front bunching. I have slightly rounded shoulders (I've altered the pattern to accommodate that without altering the cir
Crafts	Altering Pants Too Big. I have a pair of pants (cotton) that I love, but I've lost a little weight and now they are too big in 
Crafts	Stretch Fabric. I'm new to sewing and recently bought stretch terrycloth instead of terrycloth. My question is, how do I keep i
Crafts	Foot pedal plug broken - Singer 7462. We have a Singer 7462. Â I went to plug in the foot pedal and there was just a hole - the 
Crafts	help with 1938 singer. hi Terry, i was given an old singer machine a few years ago, it has been converted to electric but it lo
Crafts	Singer 201-2, 15-91. Dear Terry,  Â Â I see these machines listed on your knowledge list. Are these machines worth trying to sell
Crafts	altering prom dress. QUESTION: I am making a prom dress for my daughter, it has a Â front and Â back with Â two skirt pieces being
Crafts	Pattern Altering. Dear Vinette, My problem is a little unusual. My bust is very large and my waist is very small. I am preparin
Crafts	401A -replacment felt in oiling holes. A few years ago, thinking the fuzzy stuff in the oil holes were lint, I cleaned them out
Crafts	where do I find Black Material-very sheer-Sutible for Making A Veil?????. Â 
Crafts	slight smile lines at crouch. How do I eliminate smile lines at crouch? Â Pants fit perfectly otherwise and the nesxt size is to
Crafts	Sewing a coverlet. Hello:  I want to make a coverlet for a full size bed and can't find any instructions on how to do this. Â Ca
Crafts	Singer Treadle. Hi, am refurbishing one for my wife and I am looking for the decorative scroll work (transfers?). I understand 
Crafts	Mounting machines to table. My mother has an old Singer Touch n Sew (638 I think?) mounted to a wooden table by hinges on the b
Crafts	Altering the back crotch of womens slacks. Pants Vinette, I found this sight through a search engine and I have read through th
Crafts	Singers 503 and 758. Hi Â I have two excellent condition Singers that I need to sell, Would you be interested or know of anyone 
Crafts	light socket Featherweight 221. I have a replacement light socket for a broken one on this old machine but do not know how to i
Crafts	Jeans. I have tons of jeans that fit perfectly every where except the waist which is to small. I'd like to enlarge the waist on
Crafts	Antique Singer Sewing Maching. I was just given a Singer Sewing machine, and according to the Singer site it dates back to abou
Crafts	resizeing patterns. I am releativly new at sewing. Â I have done a couple of things for myself, mostly 14th century style tunics
Crafts	T & S 646 troubles..... Hello again, So, I purchase the 646 on Ebay and received it last Friday. Â I decided to use it all weeke
Crafts	Singer Model 756 Motor Belt. Thank you for the reply. Â Â Which manual would I need to purchase from your site? Â I have purchased
Crafts	Model 756 Touch & Sew. The feed dogs on my machine have worn down and have a hard time pushing the fabric through. Â Can I get a
Crafts	Sewing on elastic waist band. Hi Vinette, I need help to put a 1 1/2 elastic waistband on a skirt that I am making. I am very,
Crafts	Altering waist of Jeans. I have been allover the internet and not found good instructions for altering the waist of my jeans. I
Crafts	Singer 403 Timing. QUESTION: Hi Terry, My great, old Singer 403 started skipping stitches. Â Went through the steps of cleaning 
Crafts	singer featherweight 221. hello  the tread keeps coming out of the needle it does not break, it just does not sew anything when
Crafts	replacement part for L2-2125 Brother. I am trying to find a thread spool holder for the L2-2125 Brother machine. Â It is a simpl
Crafts	fabric choice. hello, i was just curious as to what material you think would be the best to use for making pants. i want them t
Crafts	Birds nest forming under the material. I was given a Singer 6015. I am not a sewer but I can sew a stitch you know; hem a pair 
Crafts	bobbin thread breaking and bunching. Hi, I submitted a question about a problem I'm having with the bobbin thread either breaki
Crafts	Bunching of bobbing thread and hand wheel won't turn. I was sewing on drapery sheers and everything was perfect and then the bo
Crafts	Taking in a waist. Hi Vinette, I have pants that fit me in the length, but I need to take in the waist. Â How do I do this? Â It'
Crafts	sewing machine tension knob broken. sewing machine tension knob poped out
Crafts	Trouble Locating a Singer Manual. Hello, My name is Lucy and I've been given a beautiful, vintage Singer sewing  machine that s
Crafts	making a costume for a big man. I am making an Elvis-type costume for a man who is 6'3 and has a 54 waist and a 54 chest. Â W
Crafts	Singer sewing machine manual. I can't find the manual for my old Singer stylist 534. Â I read a link to a website where a lady o
Crafts	v-neck band for scrub top. Dear Vinette, What is the easiest way to attach v-neck band on a scrub top? I have been looking at m
Crafts	Buying a sewing machine. I am taking a quilting class and have never sewn before. Â I am looking to buy a sewing machine that sp
Crafts	machine identity. I have an ALTA 207 chain stitching machine. Â I was wondering if you heard of it and who made it. Â It looks li
Crafts	pants legs too wide. I have a pair of crop pant, with wide legs. The fit is good in the waist and at the thighs. Â I don't like 
Crafts	my Singer isn't quite singing. I was using my sewing machine when it suddenly slowed down to the pace of a snail. I opened it u
Crafts	Taking in a strapless dress. Hi, I need to take in a strapless chiffon bridesmaid dress about 4 inches in the bust (they ordere
Crafts	bobbin/race not spinning. The stitching was bunching up at the bottom, I have re-thread the machine, oiled and then cleaned the
Crafts	altering a pair of pants. I was just woundering if it were possible and how would you alter a pair of straight legged pants to 
Crafts	touch and sew 758. I was recently given a machine from a girlfriend, I was cleaning it up as it worked befor I brought it home,
Crafts	rolled hem. I have to shorten a bridesmaid dress that has a rolled hem. I've never done this before. Could you tell me how it's
Crafts	Repair Comforter. I have a very expensive comforter that needs repair. I am a competent seamstress however my machine is not he
Crafts	This Veil. Is it possible for a sewing dunce like me to make one instead of spending $150 for it at retail?  http://www.wedding
Crafts	altering, taking out a dress. hi there :) i have a dress that i bought that i absolutely love! but there's a problem, it's a fe
Crafts	crotch of pants. Hi Vinette,  I recenlty purchased two suits and have found that the crotch portion of the suit is too long. Â I
Crafts	Prestige by Brother. Do you know how I can get any info on an older sewing machine? I cant seem to find out anything about this
Crafts	Problem with my new Singer 1120. I got my machine a little over a month ago. It's been sewing perfectly fine up until yesterday
Crafts	Singer 401 or 403. QUESTION: Hi Terry, I own a 403 Special with all the attachments(no table) and just purchased a 401a in a ta
Crafts	Singer Model 5062. What does the lever Stitch Balance Control #22 on the photo page do, and how do you use it? Do not confuse
Crafts	timing gears. Hi, I have a janome 4052 and it seems the timing gears are out of wack. Is it  possible to repair this?
Crafts	SINGER 513. THE THREAD IS NOT CATCHING WHEN THE NEEDLE IS DOWN INTO THE BOBBIN WHAT SHOULD I DO TO REPAIR THIS PROBLEM?  THANK 
Crafts	velcro. The velcro on my Timex watch is not adhereing like it used to. Â It does not have any (visible) lint to it that I can pi
Crafts	Athena 2000. I sold an Athena 2000 sewing machine to someone and shipped it via UPS. Â The person that bought it says it will no
Crafts	Can't Raise Bobbin Thread. I have a Singer Solid State Model # 9034. I went to the Singer site and looked at their pic's of how
Crafts	new elastic for fitted sheet. Well my omly question now is how long is the elastic..........it didn't state that in the descrip
Crafts	Altering Pants that are too big. Please tell me how to take pants in on the sides when there are pockets.
Crafts	Needles for a Viking. I have a Viking model 2030.I have had it for many years but I can't find large needles for it. Â Is there 
Crafts	vintage singer power machine. QUESTION: For a powerful, direct drive vintage machine, I am trying to decide between purchasing 
Crafts	sewing silky and stretchy fabric. Hi! Can you give me any tips on sewing (by machine) silky fabrics? I do fine with  all other 
Crafts	Problems with my Touch N Sew 750. I purchased a old Touch N Sew. Â It was sewing just fine but all of a sudden, the needle will 
Crafts	Singer Futura II model 920. QUESTION: Hi Terry - I have been reading up on the Singer mentioned above. It was given to me by a 
Crafts	Making pants skinner. I have some pants that are long enough for me, but I need to make them skinner. What is the best way to d
Crafts	dating singer 99 by serial number. hi terry: can you tell me the year my singer 99 was built or where to find out? the serial  
Crafts	Altering Mesh Clothing. I have some Sweetees brand dresses which have unfinished hems and are two layered mesh material. Â Since
Crafts	parts for singer 600e. Hello Terry, Having been in sewing machine repair maby you can send me in the right direction. We have a
Crafts	Singer T&S 758. Will the attachments for the 700 series of T&S fit the 758 or are they specific to this machine? M
Crafts	Sewing trim on outside of pillow. I am making some pillows for my bedroom and have purchased a ruffled trim that goes on the ou
Crafts	Do not know how to sew! Hemming a dress w/out sewing!. Hi, i have a dress that i need shortened, however, i do not know how to 
Crafts	question about prom dress material. My daughter has shown me a picture of a prom dress - partytime dress to make for her prom. 
Crafts	Fabric Requirements. How do I calculate how much fabric to buy to cover piping? Â I have a project that requires 28 yards of pip
Crafts	altering a girl-size dress pattern. Hello, I purchased Butterick Pattern# 4435 to make a dress (pattern D) for my daughter. Â I 
Crafts	Singer Sewing Machine Athena 2000. I am unable to thread my bobbin automatically on the machine. Â Everything seems to be workin
Crafts	Singer 600E Will Not Run. Was sewing with my Singer 600E, the light blub blew out and machine stopped running. The foot pedal h
Crafts	Singer dating questions... Hi Terry,  I saw somewhere that you broke down the singer serial number to pinpoint the date of manu
Crafts	singer sewing machine model 222k made in 1954. i have a singer sewing machine model 222k which it was made in 1954 its in immac
Crafts	Singer 201 vs. singer 221. Hello,   I am looking for an old singer sewing machine and I couldn't decide if I need 201 or 221. I
Crafts	Kenmore 50. I realize that kenmore brand sewing machines aren't your area of expertise, but I'm hoping you can help. I have a K
Crafts	singer cams. I found cams for a 300 series singer do they fit 600 series touch and sew? The price is good. Also where do you fi
Crafts	adding rise to jeans. QUESTION: hi, i'm a very novice sewer. i just bought a pair of jeans that is too tight in waist (i'd say 
Crafts	no fancy stitches on used machine. Hi Terry, I'm hoping for a referral or advice. I just got a (1980's?) New Home machine  wi
Crafts	electric cord. I looked at my electric cord & noticed a prong was missing. I don't know the part name or number. Is there a way
Crafts	how to use?. Hi, I am going to get a sewing machine brand new from sears I think. I was wondering how easy these things are to 
Crafts	pattern calling for stretch knit only. QUESTION: i am making a little girls nightgown and the pattern calls for stretch knit on
Crafts	Singer 500A vs 503A Slant o Matic. I'd like to know the major differences between the two Singer Slant O Matic Rocketeers and i
Crafts	Singer 6038C. Hi there, My sewing machine has a reverse button which attaches to the top of a bolt. I have inadvertently unscre
Crafts	needle not moving. Dear Terry,  I have a sewing machine that I used for about 6 month, and lend to a friend for 1 year. Â He ret
Crafts	table accessories. I would like to sew a table runner and placemat for my table but would really like to clean them. Â What type
Crafts	upholstery thread. i need to find a suppler of upholstery thread i now use coats and clark size T26 Â but cant seem to find a so
Crafts	brother sonata model 6680C compu-sew sewing machine. my sister gave me this machine,but there wasn't a manual.can you tell me a
Crafts	Creating a pattern. Hi Vinette,  I am new to sewing and wanted to learn to make a simple A line skirt pattern out of my exising
Crafts	new look pattern 6694. QUESTION: I am needing help on the bodice front there are 2 fold lines and a waistline. Directions sa to
Crafts	Siner Futura 920. I have my mom's Futura II 920. I took the bobbin out to reload...then found some instructional on how to relo
Crafts	ATHENA 2000. HI I rescued an Athena 2000 out of my friend's neighbor's trash. When I sat down to it I was super excited but n
Crafts	534 stylist machine. i have a 534 singer stylist machine and all of a sudden while i was sewing the macterial stopped feeding t
Crafts	bobbin trouble. Hi, my Grandmother gave me her Singer Touch and Sew model 628 and I'm having trouble threading the bobbin. I th
Crafts	taking in the waist. Hello I have a pair of pants that are to big and I want to take them in at the waist. I read an answer you
Crafts	Singer 401A. My wife uses a 401A and it seems the machine will sew a short while and then the thread breaks from under the mate
Crafts	Singer Stylist 533. I have a Singer Stylist 533. Â The needle is coming down and hitting the plate below the bobbin. Â It is like
Crafts	Contents of a sewing kit.... Hello Vinette,  My mom needs a new sewing kit and I'd like to get her one for her upcoming birthda
Crafts	Gusseted Crotch?. My husband is constantly ripping out the crotch of his dress pants (khakis). It's getting expensive! Is there
Crafts	bobbins. I have a new horizontal sewing machine that came with a few bobbins. Â These new plastic bobbins are higher than my old
Crafts	enlarging fitted sleeve. Have a-line dress pattern, no zipper, with scoop neck and fitted (smooth--no gathers) sleeves that are
Crafts	ALTERING A K-SIZE COMFORTER TO A Q-SIZE COMFORTER. QUESTION: I have a beautiful King size comforter and I would like to make it
Crafts	feed dogs. QUESTION: My machine is NOT a singer, but if you could even guess it would be appreciated. The machine is a New Home
Crafts	squeaking machine. My sewing machine occasionally squeaks, mostly when it is slowing down but  never at fast speed. Â I've tried
Crafts	how to shorten the jacket sleeve. Hi there, I seem to have a problem. I shortened a jacket (without lining) sleeve 6cm form  th
Crafts	Machine problem. I have a Singer Futura 2 model 920. It will only sew very thin layers of fabric. Â The least bit of thickness a
Crafts	Crocheted afghan with material backing. I crocheted a baby afghan with cross stitched blocks. Â I want to back it with material.
Crafts	Sewing with wool. Hi, is it hard to sew wool on a sewing machine? Â Do I need to buy a special needle for my machine? Â Thanx!  A
Crafts	replacing needle. How do I change the needle on my Singer 1120 machine?  I am placing the needle in and tightening the screw on
Crafts	Alterations (hemming). Hello, I have taken Sewing I & II. However, recently my brother Â Â  asked me to hem his pants and told me
Crafts	Altering Jeans All-Over. Hello Vinette,  I know very little about sewing and technical terms so I will do my best to communicat
Crafts	shortening pant crotch. I would like to know how to shorten pant crotch without losing any sizing to the pants.
Crafts	Janome RX 18S - Problem With the Feed Dogs. Hi there,  I know you are not a new model expert, but you might have some ideas on 
Crafts	sewing machine bobbin. I just bought a used Bernina 830 sewing machine. Â Prior to that I owned a White sewing machine for many 
Crafts	pants fitting in the rear. I have a flat butt... and it seems to be sliding south faster and faster! Â What is the problem with 
Crafts	ateration of already sewn pants. I need to taper the the thighs of my already store broughtsewn pants is there a correct way of
Crafts	Material shortened. -------------------------  Followup To   I appreciate your answer, however, I hemmed the side edges not t
Crafts	Necchi machine. I have been having some problems with my stitches being loose,too tight or just plain stitching improperly. Â If
Crafts	Featherweight 221. QUESTION: I inherited my mother's FW 221. Â All parts are there and all are working just fine. Â However, my t
Crafts	replacing bobbin case. HELP! I am not very happy, as last night i ended up damaging my bobbin case. I donot know why I did it. 
Crafts	Bobbin/shuttle timing. My1 year old Kenmore manchine stopped pulling up the bobbin thread. Â I took the shuttle apart-put it bac
Crafts	Is this possible?. I don't know if this is a stupid question or not, but I am supposed to be a bridesmaid for a friend in a cou
Crafts	Swimwear. Hi Sharon, I'm Nikki Elmore. Â I'm writing to you as I'm looking into making swimwear but have never done so before. Â 
Crafts	shorten crotch. I have to roll uo my wasteband to compensate for the plong cut of many pants Â especially in the crotch. what is
Crafts	Sleeves. You advised me by e-mail today that a reply to my question of 2 days ago would be on your site today, for three days. 
Crafts	Armor. I am joining a medieval re-inactment group and need armor. Â One of the key parts is the padded undergarment. Â I'm going 
Crafts	Singer Inspiration 7462. Hi Vinette,  I just read that you have the Singer Model 7462 and was wondering if you could help me. Â 
Crafts	making a blanket. I'd like to try to make simple baby blankets with a family tree, birth info and a scripture verse on it. Â I r
Crafts	Singer 640 will not straight stitch. This machine will only zigzag or do patterns.The settings are correct(and we tried many va
Crafts	Singer 411G. Pretty simple question but i just need a confirmation. i'm looking for a manual for the Singer 411G and i've heard
Crafts	singer 514 stylist. my thread keeps on breaking after only seconds I start sewing, are there something I can try doing I put th
Crafts	Bobbin casing. QUESTION: I need a complete bobbin casing for a AH-335288 sewing machine. I just had it tuned up in San Francisc
Crafts	Embroidery Machines. Which is the best value/ease of use home embroidery machine? I would like to only do my own designs. I qui
Crafts	singer 306w. I found among my mother's things a singer 306w, I fiddled with it and it runs, but apparently there is a belt miss
Crafts	Singer T&S 626 Stitch Cam Selector. the button on the front of My Singer T&S 626 will move to select a stitch, but it will not 
Crafts	altering ready made pants. QUESTION: I wear a size 16, and in some pants, the fabric in the crotch area, seems to bunch up. I a
Crafts	singer 6136. The tension on my machine keeps bunching up the thread on the underside of  the stitch. We have tried adjusting th
Crafts	walking foot problems. I have a Singer Touch & Sew 775. I am using a walking foot.. I am making a quilt. It was working fine an
Crafts	sewing trim on inside edge of a panel. I am sewing a pleated curtain panel with trim on the inside edge. Â How do I sew the trim
Crafts	Singer model 1120 acting up. I have some dresses I am needing to complete for a wedding in 3 weeks and my machine it acting up 
Crafts	singer 758 pattern stitches. I'm sure I have the cam in properly, but the stitches are not the fancy ones pictured on the cam i
Crafts	material rolling up. What causes my material to roll up under my satin stitch when I am appliquing?
Crafts	Touch & Sew 750 is not in sync. Terry, I have a T&S 750 gold deluxe. Â The bobbin isn't working properly. Â The needle is hitting
Crafts	sewing an angled curtain. QUESTION: I am sewing a lined rod pocket panel for a window with an angle. Â The window is 56 on the 
Crafts	Antique Sewing Notion. Ivory Sewing Notion Hi! Â I was wondering if you can tell me what this item is used for. Â It is made of i
Crafts	Singer 248. QUESTION: I am looking to buy a 2nd hand sewing machine and came across an ad for a Singer 248. Do you know anyth
Crafts	Singer 500A Stitch Pattern Selector. Hi Terry, I have a Singer 500a and can't seem to be able to move the stitch pattern select
Crafts	vintage singer sewing machine AD263003. Hi, I bought it and it came with no cord or peddle, how do I find one ? Do you think it
Crafts	shorten pants or jeans. How do i shorten capris that are too long? Some are jeans and some are slacks?
Crafts	Bobbin winder on Singer 500a. I just unscrewed the bobbin winder mechanism in my Singer 500a to replace a  disintegrated winder
Crafts	Singer Machine 6105. Hello. My Singer 6105 has a few problems. It does not release the thread when the presser foot is in the u
Crafts	elastic bed skirt. Hello. Â I am an amateur when it comes to sewing but I like to try! Â I have a bedskirt that I would like to t
Crafts	401A versus 500A. Terry..could you tell me why the 401A is going selling like gangbusters on ebay and the 500 is not fetching t
Crafts	Singer 603. Hi,  My machine has been cleaned, oiled and serviced, but still insists on pulling up 5 or six bobbin threads after
Crafts	tablecloth/topper. QUESTION: I am getting a 30 round table and need to know how to make a tablecloth or topper for it. I can s
Crafts	buying fabric for drapes. How do you measure your windows when you are going to make drapes?
Crafts	Tulle lace repair. The tulle on my duaghter's wedding dress was torn. Â How can I repair this 8 rip. I would like to find a ver
Crafts	Altering a bodice. Hello, I am making 3 bridesmaid strapless bodices' and skirts. The bodices' have no darts just 7 separate pa
Crafts	Singer 237. I rescued a Singer 237 from a thrift store. Â It is in great shape. I was cleaning it, and had taken out the needle,
Crafts	Kenmore model 158. The needle goes down into the bobbin hole and does not come back up with the pedal or by hand. Â Can you expl
Crafts	Futura II 920 Tight Stitching Problem. I have an old Singer Futura II Model 920. It's the one that Singer made during their tra
Crafts	finishing a girls' tie sash. How do you turn the fabric at the point on the end of the sash so that no ragged edge sticks out w
Crafts	crotch of a dance  costume. I am working on a one piece dance costume, a uni- tard style. Â The suit needs a bit more rise in th
Crafts	how to shorten a high waisted pair of denim pants. QUESTION: I have a pair of denim capri pants that I really like but they are
Crafts	elastic waist band. The pants are to big in the waist for my 2 year old girl and they also have an elastic band in the back.How
Crafts	Altering Bootleg Pants. Hi Sharon  I have a problem, i'm short and i love wearing bootleg/wide bottom/flared pants. I can never
Crafts	Singer quantum 9900. I reeived this machinge without a manual. Â How do I wind a bobbin? Â It  doesn't have the usual mechanism f
Crafts	singer fasion mate 237 bobbin. I am trying to insert the bobbin to thread it with the needle, but it doesn't seem to be working
Crafts	Thread bunching up on underneith side. I am having problems with my singer Slantomatic 403a. When I sew the thread on the under
Crafts	zipper slide. How do I replace a zipper slide?
Crafts	baby bibs. One of the presents our new grandson got were decorated bibs (embroidered with various holidays) made out of tea tow
Crafts	Singer 500A stitch selection. I bought a Rocketeer. I tried pushing/pulling the gold/brown dials to move them  to select a stit
Crafts	Stylist 774 bobbin winding. Hi, My machine was working fine and I started hearing a thumpy noise on the right side. I took the 
Crafts	Singer 632 Slide Plate. I lost the screw from the slide plate and so the clip fell loose. I have no idea how it goes back on. I
Crafts	Pink Kenmore ?#48. Do you know anything about Kenmore sewing machines? Â I have a pink Kenmore model ?48. Â It says the # 158-471
Crafts	Singer 600. I have just inherited a Singer 600 that belonged to my great grandmother. Â I took it to a shop and had it cleaned a
Crafts	Purchasing sewing machine. I have a 21 year old daughter pursuing a fashion design college degree. Â I want to buy her a sewing 
Crafts	singer bobbing not catching.. Please help! I have a singer zig-zag 418 Â and was well on my way to making  Christmas present for
Crafts	tailored chalk. i want to buy tailored chalk, can you tell me which stores sell them? And can i use regular school chalk in pla
Crafts	500A breaks thread. Hi, I have a Singer 500A in a cabinet that was my grandmothers, bought I believe in 1963. Â It is lightly us
Crafts	making my jeans bigger. How would i go about making just the waist of my jeans bigger? would i have to add material to it? and 
Crafts	sewing projects idea. hi. I am a 15 year old girl and i was wondering if you could help me with some sewing project idea. I lov
Crafts	neck ribbing on knits. I am having a terrible time putting a stretch ribbing on the neck edge of a tee  shirt. Â How can the nec
Crafts	Slant=O=Matic singer 403 special. I don't see a belt anywhere, but I would swear that it is slipping. Â The needle(new one)will 
Crafts	Timing. I am having problems with my Brother sewing machine. Â I am a beginner and I have sewn several things before with no pro
Crafts	Thick Fabric. Help! I'm a newbie. How do I adjust the machine so the thick fabric moves forward? Sears Kenmore basic machine. P
Crafts	sewing corners. Could you please explain how to make a corner, in a way that I can actually understand?Thank you
Crafts	Singer 503a fashion discs. QUESTION: My mother recently repaired her Singer 503a. While I was experimenting with  the machine, 
Crafts	swing canopy. QUESTION: I found your last answer to a canopy question helpful. Now I would like to have a simple & easy way of 
Crafts	replacing elastic. I have a couple of shower caps that the elastic is worn out on. Â I now live in a foreign country where it's 
Crafts	threading touch and sew 750. Hello, I am an absolute beginner when it comes to sewing. I recently purchased a Singer Touch and 
Crafts	sewing canvas. Can I sew canvas with my singer Futura 920? I am trying to repair a canvas boat top.
Crafts	singer stylist  534. Recently I bought a singer stylist 534 but I have no idea how to change the sewing direction. It sews only
Crafts	elastic waist bands. i would like to remove elastic waist bands from dress pants and try to enlarge the waist. the elastic make
Crafts	skirt blowing in the wind. Hi there,  I recently bought a dress made of thin polyester/spandex. The skirt of the dress blows up
Crafts	Singer 628 gears. I just read a question about a machine I just bought today. A Singer Touch n Sew 628. Are the metal gears far
Crafts	THREADS JAMMED ALL BELOW BOBBIN AREA. Hi,  Bobbin area: all the threads are stuck down there and cant even move at all. Â Please
Crafts	bobbin not responding. We have a very old Singer Stylist 534. Â We received it second hand and it hasn't worked well. Â I have th
Crafts	singer model 638. Hi Terry--We are trying to figure out if it is worth keeping our mother-in-law's sewing machine. Â It has a br
Crafts	Wrap Dress Interfacing. QUESTION: Hi, I learned sewing several years ago in home ec and have only used my basic skills a few ti
Crafts	loose stitch. i just bought an old singer stylist 533 and tried sewing on it. I am a novist and threading it is a problem for m
Crafts	Queen size  torn comforter  fix up. I have new queen size comfoter,it has got stuck somewhere and torn center of the comfoter. 
Crafts	slantomatic - singer. I bought a slantomatic, but am having trouble finding parts - the auctions get too costly or I miss out. 
Crafts	altering a pair of pants in the crotch. Hi, I have to order longs in dress pants to get the length, but unfortunately they al
Crafts	Singer 99k foot pedal. Hi, my Singer 99k foot pedal produced some smell and it was very hot and at one stage, the machine ran w
Crafts	threading a Featherweight #221. I have a machine I inherited and am trying to use for the first time. The machine  is threaded,
Crafts	Altering pants or jeans. How do you let a pair of jeans or pants out if they are too tight around the hips or waist?
Crafts	Singer Machine Model L47. Hi there I have a Singer machine with L47 marked on the casing just above the stitch length dial. it 
Crafts	Sewing tool. In the Mid 1950's to the 1960's, I used a hand held sewing tool for chain stitch sewing on light weigh to medium w
Crafts	401A needle not moving!. Hi Terry,  I was raised sewing on a Singer 403, the same machine my mom was taught on. Â Several years 
Crafts	Singer 3116. I was sewing with the machine and all of the sudden the needle wouldn't go down. Â It hits on something. Â I can't f
Crafts	Singer 648 Sewing Machine Questions. Dear Vinette, I am having trouble with the top stitch and the bottom stitch interlinking. 
Crafts	Slant-o-matic repair. I have a Singer 401A Slantomatic and the stitching guide that flips up on top came loose. Â How do I reins
Crafts	taking dress slacks in. Hi Vinette,  I have a small problem, I've been losing alot of weight and I'm changing sizes at least on
Crafts	Alterations. I need to enlarge the bodice of a wedding gown. Â The bodice is corset type with stays. Â I am remaking for civil wa
Crafts	mcCall's pattern#9123. Hi Vinette, I don't understand how to attach the neckband on the scrub top.I think it probably is simple
Crafts	singer model 15. A gear driven model 15 singer sewing machine should not have a belt showing right? Â That would make it a belt 
Crafts	Baggy pants. My dad recently bought my these gorgeous, $40 pants which I absolutely adore, but um...well the problem lies in th
Crafts	necchi sewing machine. I have a Necchi 537FA that came to me without a manual. Im wondering if this machine has quilting capabi
Crafts	altering a waist line. hi.i purcsased mccalls patt m5136 to make a dance dress for my grandaughter, she likes the top of one dr
Crafts	singer futura 11 model920. Hello, I just bought one of these machines and would like to know how to oil it. My husband is very 
Crafts	CROTH TOO BAGGY. QUESTION: I have lost weight. Â Many of my pants sag in the crotch area. Â Also, I am short waisted thus making 
Crafts	600e thread tearing. I am having troubles sewing through multiple(5) layers of fabric. Â I am using a #16 needle with Gutermann 
Crafts	sewing felted wool. I've felted some old wool sweaters and am sewing up blankets from them. Â I'm butting the edges together wit
Crafts	Singer T&S 630 top gear. Hi Terry, My wife's 630 just killed a couple teeth on the top vertical gear. (163328). Â I saw your ans
Crafts	singer 6105. hi, the feed dog in my sewing machine dosn't seem to be moving much at all and when I sew the fabric dosn't move a
Crafts	Sewing vinyl cloth replacement patio swing canopy. Our patio swing canopy was shredded and hanging in tatters due to several re
Crafts	altering comforter. I bought a King size comforter by mistake (can't take back). It appears to wide of course for a Queen bed. 
Crafts	Singer T&S Model 600. When I sew, the stitch is so loose on the bottom side of the fabric. Â I've tried adjusting the tension, m
Crafts	attaching velcro. I am making a cover for the front of a bookcase in my classroom. Â Which side of the velcro should I attach to
Crafts	Euro-pro 9110 Bobbin not Catching. I have a Euro-pro 9110 that is less than a year old. I have had a lot of problems with threa
Crafts	zipper foot attachment. I have a Singer Touch and Sew Model 648. Â I have lost the zipper foot attachment and am trying to find 
Crafts	material bulk in crotch. Why does the material bulk and not lie flat when I saw the seams in the crotch of cotton shorts? Â It i
Crafts	making wedding gown. Hi and thank you for help.........My question is abouth the back closier to my Â daughters wedding gown. Sh
Crafts	machine runs slow. why would my singer model 9034 start running really slow? it was working fine.
Crafts	Singer 6136. gears Terry, I have sent you an e-mail but I will duplicate my question here. Â I have taken my singer 6136 apart t
Crafts	Singer Machine mind of it's own. Terry, Thank you for answering so quickly. Â The model is a 9900. Â I do not know if it is a sol
Crafts	sewing pants. I took a small class on creating a sloper for pants and it fits really  well except in the front of the pants nea
Crafts	Singer 7184 Help please. Can anyone help me please, i was given this machine a few days ago and when trying to use it i noticed
Crafts	Making a comforter. QUESTION: I have a question about how to make a comforter that has a decorative lining. Â I want to make it 
Crafts	Threading An Old Machine. I recently acquired a Nelco sewing machine, Golden Stitch series, and it did not come with a manual. 
Crafts	Altering work(EMS) pants. I just bought new work pants. Â Everyone told me ths sizes run small so I ordered in mens sizes so tha
Crafts	Appliqueing stabilizer. i have found the spray, but once i have sprayed the stablizer & applied to the windbreaker, Â can you ir
Crafts	pants. Hi, because I can never find pants that fit me right (length wise) I've decided to hemm (don't know if I spelled it righ
Crafts	Videos to watch for beginer. I learn best by watching. do you know of any videos for beginners? Â I love wrap skirts which I kno
Crafts	adjusting for pregnancy. What other steps should I take, other than widening the waist front, to alter a regular pull-on pant p
Crafts	Chair pad. I am making a rocking chair cushion (back & bottom). I have 1 foam that I'm using. How much larger do I cut the fab
Crafts	Side seams for large bust. Vinette My mom is large busted, whenever I make a top for her it puckers on the side seam from the b
Crafts	Serger. Hi, I have been sewing for over 20 years on a sewing machine doing some home sewing and occasional garment sewing and w
Crafts	Alternations. My granddaughter has uniforms for school. Â She is a size 6 but has a tiny waist. Â I have a pleated skirt with an 
Crafts	finishing on v-neck. I am makimg a sheer shirt that has a v-neck cut on the front then has facing that match. Because it is she
Crafts	Hello vinette  do you know.... Hello vinette  do you know of any websites that sell patterns? I am looking for a pheasant blous
Crafts	Singer Sewing Machine. Hello Vinette, I have an old Singer Sewing Machine Sereial Number (EF 421537) and I was just wondering h
Crafts	Old singer problems sewing fake fur. I have an old Singer - manufactred in the 1950s. model 15- as  best as I can tell. Â I got 
Crafts	Embroidery. Ms. Dephillipe,  Thank you for taking the time to review my question. I want to learn embroidery. Specifically comp
Crafts	Slipcovered Pillows. Hello,Vinette, My question is: I am making slipcovers for my sofas with loose pillows on the back. I am pu
Crafts	sewing buttons back onto a chair. I want to sew the buttons back onto the chair in my livingroom. I have tried but the button i
Crafts	Simplicity Pattern 5595. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I've been sewing for about a year now and have jus
Crafts	Sew Slipcovers. I would like to know where I can get instructions on how to sew slipcovers for my furniture. I would also like 
Crafts	adding a fly to a pattern. i have a pattern for boxer shorts that i would like to add a fly to, is there anyway to do this easi
Crafts	breaking needles. My needle keeps hitting my needle plate on my brand new machine,  and unless I push it back, it won't go down
Crafts	Sewing machine needles. I have some sewing machine needles that someone gave me. These do not fit either of my machines. I am t
Crafts	alterations of beaded top. I bought a lovely, heavily-beaded top that is too large across the bustline. Â Is it possible to take
Crafts	BEGINNER'S LEVEL. Hi Brenda:  I've never sewn in my entire life, and when I decided to take a course in my hometown, the only t
Crafts	Plastic. Hi, I live in Australia, and I am looking for clear plastic that you can iron on to fabric so it is still flexible but
Crafts	Applique. Hi! Â I am trying to sew a cotton applique onto a 100% cotton t-shirt with a satin stitch and the material is bunching
Crafts	Serger Foot. One day I was watching QVC and the host mentioned a serger foot. Â I have been wondering who would sell such a foot
Crafts	altering jeans. Hi! I was just given several wonderful pairs of jeans, but they are too long in the rise. Â I have average sewin
Crafts	Old sewing Machine. I have purchased an old sewing machine at a yard sale. It is in very good working condition and has all of 
Crafts	17th Century Patterns. I'm attempting to create some costumes for a show set in France in the 1690's. Â I've done the research a
Crafts	Patter Instructions. Thank you for your response. My followup question: Â How does one learn how to understand how to figure out
Crafts	expanding waistband. I have 2 pair of jeans that I would like to have some room at the waist for days I'm bigger. My thoughts w
Crafts	recovering a couch. Hi, We have a great couch, very sturdy. Â It's a sleeper couch with three main cushions and 3 back cushions.
Crafts	What kind of machine should I buy?. I am an accomplished seamstress, though I do not sew often. Â My mom passed away 15 years ag
Crafts	Creating a fringe on silk. I am working with silk and similar (silk type polyester?) and trying to create a fringe. Â The fabric
Crafts	altering a pattern.. Hello Brenda  Earlier I asked you how to alter a pattern for a blouse with a long round collar with elasti
Crafts	sewing hems and plain curtains. Hi, Vinette! Your expertise description sounds like my mother's story. Foolishly I failed to le
Crafts	sewing patterns changes. If a pattern calls for stretch knit only and I want to make it out of denium how much seam allowance s
Crafts	Singer 600 Hand Wheel. QUESTION: I recently purchased a sewing desk that came with a Singer 600 sewing machine with the knee co
Crafts	altering a down comforter - queen to king. I have a high-quality queen down comforter. Â We now have a king size bed and I  woul
Crafts	Wool fabric - how to lessen irritants?. Hello. Â Is there any way I can treat wool fabric (spray it with something perhaps?) so 
Crafts	bathing suit and hoodies. Hello, hopefully you can help me.  I am 15 and I'm a beginner at sewing, and I was wondering if you c
Crafts	Singer 534 Stylist Feed dogs. Hi! Â I purchased and downloaded a manual for my model. Â The manual says absolutely nothing about 
Crafts	Hawaiian Grass Skirt. I am planning a Hawaiian themed party and would like to know how to make a grass skirt. Cost is little co
Crafts	Sewing machine purchase. Hello, I am a little confused. Â I want to purchase a sewing machine for my daughter. Â Â I own a Viking 
Crafts	patterns for talls?. Hello! Â I am about to begin learning how to sew, and was discussing with my sister how it would be neat th
Crafts	top thread splitting at needle eye. QUESTION: I have an early Singer 600 Touch and Sew. Â Earlier today I had problems getting i
Crafts	Altering long sleeves to become short sleeves. Hi there, I have a male friend who constantly wants to alter his t-shirt and tai
Crafts	1947 Singer wiring and troubleshooting. I got my daughter this machine (model AH020989) and when I picked it up,  the wiring fo
Crafts	Pattern Drafting. QUESTION: I have a dress that I purchased years ago, and I would like to develop a pattern to make a new one.
Crafts	puppet curtain. QUESTION: I am sewing a puppet curtain for the puppet stage and the curtain is going to be a theme of a castle.
Crafts	401A linkage noise. My 401 makes a clacking noise that sounds like it's in the linkage between the needle bar and the main shaf
Crafts	singer 600 slantomatic. Bought this 45 years ago, and they don't make them anymore; love mine and would like to know if you kno
Crafts	Singer Touch and Sew fashion discs. Hello,  I have several wonderful vintage Singers but my real favorite is my Touch and Sew 7
Crafts	Singer model 4552SW. I am trying to get my model 4552SW machine's bobbin working. The black bobbin case seems to go in but then
Crafts	Golden Touch & Sew 620 by Singer. Terry,   I have an old machine that was my mother's. Â I had all the gears replaced recently. 
Crafts	repairing nylon tear. What is the best way to repair small tears (2 or less) in nylon clothing items which get regular washing
Crafts	Pfaff 230. The needle hits the bobbin case when it is down. It was working fine until I took out the bobbin and put in a differ
Crafts	hand wheel will not turn among other problems. Hi Terry, Yesterday, I was sewing on the cloth portion of a zipper when the mach
Crafts	Singer S59 motor wiring. Hi Terry, I am in the process of putting together a Singer 31-15 industrial sewing marchine. The probl
Crafts	Featherweight 221 noise. Just purchased off ebay. Sews fine but fastest machine I've ever seen. Â Red toothed belt unusual. Loud
Crafts	Joining Drapery. Hi Karen, Am trying to join multiple width of fabric for a window project am sewing, after several frustrating
Crafts	buttonholer use on a singer touch & sew 628. I was given this machine and I'm practicing making button holes.Every time I start
Crafts	books. I have been looking for two books on sewing 1.Unit pricing for dressmaking by (Karen Howland) 2. Price it Right by(Clair
Crafts	singer 600E series. my machine makes alot of noise,and the bobbin moves around causing my needled to break;the whole metal part
Crafts	Sham into curtain. I have four pillow shams that I want to try to make into curtains/valances. Â I have two windows that are 48 
Crafts	Singer 411 - motor. I have bought an old singer 411. I have to wash down the motor and replace the carbons because smoke comes 
Crafts	Vertical gear, model 413. My 30yr old machine has lost all of its teeth! Â I have taken apart what I can... no good access to th
Crafts	Stylist 513. QUESTION: I found a stylist 513 machine at a yard sale, and wanted to learn how to sew on it, but had trouble with
Crafts	SINGER GOLDEN TOUCH AND SEW. I HAVE A MODEL 640 THAT WAS GIVIN TO ME. THERE WAS NO BOOK WITH IT. I AM HAVING PROBLEM WITH THE B
Crafts	kenmore sewing machine. i got an old kenmore sewing machine but i don't have a complete manual on how to use it i have looked e
Crafts	altering mens slacks. Can a pair of mens dress slacks be taken in 4 inches...and hold they look they have now?They are suit sla
Crafts	500 a lower tension. I bought a Singer 500A at a discount shop--I''m very excited! Â It seems to work well but I don't know how 
Crafts	Altering pant leg width. I have a pair of jeans that fit well but are insanely baggy around the calves and feet/shoes. I have n
Crafts	bobbin winder on Shark Euro-pro Intelli-sew. Ok. I know I have a cheaper machine, but I still love it....except for the bobbin 
Crafts	sewing sweatpants. I want to start sewing again. I mostly wear swearpants. I need paterns for Xlarge. should be prtty simple to
Crafts	blind stitch. I have been sewing for over 40 years. Â I somehow cannot comprehend how to blind stitch with my sewing machine. I 
Crafts	Making a Comforter. Hi Karen  My son wants a bedroom with a theme of the Detroit Tigers. Â Their colors are basically blue with 
Crafts	tension - Singer 401A. I have an old Singer 401A. It's been recently tuned up and oiled. Â The tension is very tight and I cant 
Crafts	old Singer, model 15-1, basics. QUESTION: Hi Terry,   I've just done enough refurbishing of this 1938 machine (already electrif
Crafts	Amount of Fabric. Hi there! I am an interior design student and for class we are preparing a budget for our client. I am havi
Crafts	Red lever on 401A. Hi, I just bought a 401A which I have wanted for a long time. It hummed right along so I decided to try some
Crafts	Skirt with part elastic. Hi I need to know how skirts with part elastic and part plain band are made. I am making a skirt for a
Crafts	Singer 237 froze up.. My Singer 237 was working fine one day and when I started to sew the next day, it was froze up. Â I could 
Crafts	singer401A. I bought this beautiful sewing machine at a yard sale for 10.00 dollars. The book of directions that came with it i
Crafts	machine squeaks and is slow. as i said above my singer model#1120 makes a squeaky noise when running and it seems slow,any idea
Crafts	alter hood on coat to collar. i have a winter coat with a hood on it. the hood is trimmed with fur. i would like to take the ho
Crafts	Singer 14U557 serger. I took my machine to a Singer repair center a few years back because I could not adjust my tensions tight
Crafts	singer machine model 603E. Hello I need your help with my sewing machine. My mother gave me this machine but it is without need
Crafts	Altering a pattern. Hello and thanks in advance for any help you can give. Â   I belong to a performing choir and they have a un
Crafts	altering jacket sleeve. I received your reply on this; however, am confused. Â do you not pull the sleeve out of the opening in 
Crafts	Sewing Elastic. I am altering a bathing suit but when I sew over the areas that have elastic the thread bunches underneath. Â I 
Crafts	Singer model 500. I have a chance to bid on a singer slant o matic model 500 and would like your opinion on if it is a good sew
Crafts	sewing slipcovers. Hi Vinette,  I would like to sew my own slipcovers for my FOLDING wooden chairs that are used for company. Â 
Crafts	sewing a pillow case. Hi Vinette, I bought my wife a sewing machine, Taylor 935FA, and one of the accessories is the side cutte
Crafts	i want 20 general safety  precautions of sewing machine. can you give me some general precatuions how to used the sewing machin
Crafts	fabric source. QUESTION: I am looking for a wholesale source for organic cotton to make clothing for sick children. Â I would li
Crafts	Slatomatic 401a. I recently acquired a 401a. When I push on the pedal the needle goes up and down slowly and then stops shortly
Crafts	singer rubber feed dog. Hi , Can I replace the rubber feed dog for singer sewing machine touch&sew  zig zag model 758 for the M
Crafts	altering pants leg width. I have some jeans that are to slim and I would like to make the legs wider(like a gaucho/wide legged 
Crafts	timing 241-12. I have done the timing by trial and error on my machine, by going through needles, but there must be a way that 
Crafts	edge of dress. what is the easy way to make ruffles or lettace edge at the end of a dress, useing organa and satin fabrics and 
Crafts	drapery woes. QUESTION: I made back pleated lined drapes for my living room using buckram as a stiffener. When I hung them I no
Crafts	singer feather weight. I just me a feather weight sewing machine, my friends have them so I bought one.. My case only has a pla
Crafts	singer sewing machine 237 problem. Hello Bill, Â I have a singer model 237. Â The tension is too tight. Â It just won't adjust rig
Crafts	403 SLANT O MATIC. My husband just brought back my inlaws sewing machine which is a slant o matic 403 singer. I was getting it 
Crafts	Compatability question. Can you tell me if the attachments for the Touchtronic 2001, Athena 2000 and Athena 2001 will fit on my
Crafts	vintage measuring yardstick. Hi Sharon, I bought a hemline measuring stick at a second hand store. Â It is 30 tall and has a sm
Crafts	female jersey number armband and rhinestones application. female stylize footbal Â  QUESTION: Hi Sharon,  Read many of your post
Crafts	Sewing Machine Repair. Hi Bill I've started collecting old sewing machines and having a great time of it. I came across a foot 
Crafts	Singer model 358. QUESTION: I have one of the above machines which has stripped a gear on a horizontal shaft. Is it still possi
Crafts	Polar Fleece Accident. I accidentally iron on a polar fleece jacket. the mark isnt too bad, its not burnt but you can see sligh
Crafts	Futura 2 920 timing off?. I think the timing is off on this second hand singer futura 920 I just bought. The needle hits the bo
Crafts	Nelco sewing machine model no. A-2 thread tensioner ass'y. I have an old nelco model no. A-2, but it also has a stamp ja5 on th
Crafts	Shoulder and sleeve. I found a great pattern, the only thing the seam Â where the shoulder and sleeve meet is too low on my arm.
Crafts	Cut a hem too short...... Hi! I am fixing a workmates pants and have cut too much material off the bottomm of the pant leg (was
Crafts	genie354. my singer genie 354 sewing machine is not working. Â Â I have used it many times.  but i just pulled it out and it wont
Crafts	Singer sewing machine - Merritt 4016. Hi Sharon.  I just inherited this particular sewing machine today. Can you tell me when i
Crafts	Needle breaks with zigzag stitch. I have a Kenmore sewing machine model 385.1652. Â When I sew a straight stitch using the strai
Crafts	Kenmore sewing machine reverse stitch. the reverse stitch does not work on my kenmore sewing maching model 385. 1884180 everyth
Crafts	feeddog. what is a feeddog timing ?how does it affect the sewing process?
Crafts	Which bobbin tire/O-ring for older White 935?. I have a White Model 935 sewing machine I bought new in the late 1960's/early 
Crafts	sewing a bridal veil. I am sewing the bridal veil for my daughter's wedding. Â I was able to purchase beautiful 58 inch wide lac
Crafts	using Velcro. I want to attach a fabric skirt to an L shaped counter I sew on ---to hide storage underneath. My question is t
Crafts	Tension problems for singer machine. Hi I put different thread colors for bobbin and top spool. The stitches coming from the to
Crafts	Foot pedal for 500A. I am in need of a foot pedal for a Singer 500A. Â Do you know where I might be able to find one?
Crafts	'36 Singer 221 Featherweight Bottom Tension. My '36 221 has a bottom tension that looks somewhat like train tracks and I'm unab
Crafts	problem with the tread not taking up. Hi Bill, I have a Pinnock 5100 zig zag machine.(no manual) The zig zag wasn't working. it
Crafts	Altering a Pattern to fit me.. Hi. Â I'm a beginner sewer. Â I just had a question about altering a pattern to fit me. Â   The pat
Crafts	Singer 9110 presser foot troubles. Hi there, I'm hoping you can help me fix this problem myself and save me a trip to the repai
Crafts	Lower bobbin trouble. I just recently was given a Kenmore sewing machine model # 158.13250. Â I'm somewhat familar with sewing b
Crafts	Feed Dog Problem. I know I am making some sort of error here, but need to figure it out before I break the machine.  I am tryin
Crafts	sewing a certain material. when sewing on taffeta, what kind of stitch do you use if you dont have a serger to prevent the seam
Crafts	Hand sewing fleece. My friend is trying to tack a baby blanket she made with flannel for the back and fleece for the front. Â Sh
Crafts	jammed 401A SInger. QUESTION: When sewing a lining into a knit felted purse, some of the eyelash strands from the yarn used got
Crafts	increase waistband with elastic. QUESTION: I have gained 20 lbs because of new medications I am taking. Can you explain to me h
Crafts	sewing sheer curtains. QUESTION: my window is 139 wide, and 93 from top of window molding to floor. I plan to put a pocket at
Crafts	sewing knits. I am short waisted and have to alter some knit tops. Â I cannot get my machine to stitch the fabric without skippi
Crafts	identifying a part used in sewing. Invisible suspenders go under a blouse to hold up a skirt. It is like a garter--a metal ho
Crafts	Hemming pants. Everytime I hem slacks I get and extra tuck of material. How do I get ride of this so my slacks ham is smooth an
Crafts	cinch closures. Do you know where I can get cinch-closures - those little spring loaded devices that are used with elastic cord
Crafts	sewing fringe on pillows. How do I finish the ends of the fringe on the pillow? Â Do I zig zag the braded header? Â I am afraid t
Crafts	singer 758 problems. I have a singer touch and sew zig-zag model 758 and am having some problems with it... Â When I try to sew 
Crafts	arm holes on dress. I bought my daughter a junior bridesmaid dress size 7/8 (BIG sale) she is a size 10...Well the dress was fi
Crafts	altering the waist of a mans suit jacket. My husband tried on a 54 jacket and it is to small. But a 56 is a little to big aroun
Crafts	Altering  elastic waist pants with side pockets. I read your answer to the lady who needed to take up her slacks in crotch and 
Crafts	sewing window seat covers. Hi Linda I'm just upholstering some window seat cushions - ie. a rhombus like shape with fabric cove
Crafts	Bernina Serger. I don't know if you use a serger or not, but if you do I am at odds with mine. I can't figure out what I'm doin
Crafts	Converting rod pocket sheers to draw sheers. I have a pair of rod pocket sheers that sit under my lined drapes for privacy. How
Crafts	ribbon trim on strechy jersy dress. Hi,I have a v-neck wrap over dress made out of stretchy jersey (t-shirt material),and wante
Crafts	Pants Fasteners to Buttons. I have a closet full of expensive pants that have the inside button but the final closure is 2 of
Crafts	tab top inverted box-pleated valance. Thank-you so much for responding to my question about my valances. Â The picture you sent 
Crafts	Taffeta Wedding Dress. I have several questions, I'm hoping you can help with: 1. Â Should I line or underline the dress? 2. Â I 
Crafts	Shortening sleeves on premade garment. I have a premade/lined jacket with sleeves 1 too long. Â There feels like the cuff hem ha
Crafts	which belt for my white FW 221K7?. Hi Bill, I have a white FW with its original belt which is in ok condition but I'm  wonderin
Crafts	Repair of Singer Sewing machine model 750. The needle is striking the plate below the bobbin case. I looked at all the gears th
Crafts	sewing machine Continental Blue Bird DeluxeDe. Dear Bill, I have sent you at first my question in french. I understand that it 
Crafts	insert needle. Bill Â Â Â Please explain proper way to insert needle in singer, touch & sew model 648. Â Also, where should Â I send
Crafts	Singer 201-2. I have a 1941 Singer 201-2 with a zip zag foot. Â Can I do a button and blind hem with it??? Â I saw one on ebay fr
Crafts	basket liner. QUESTION: Can you tell me how I go about making a cloth basket liner? The basket is round; 13 across and 9 high
Crafts	Repair Idea. Hi Karen I have some holes in my long curtains. I have an idea to cut some fabric into suitable shapes, maybe usin
Crafts	Inverted Box Pleat Valance. QUESTION: A friend has selected a heavy linen drapery fabric for me to make an inverted box pleat v
Crafts	Blazer/jacket. QUESTION: Hi! I spent some money on a balck blazer from a tall catalog. I love it, nice long arms!   Size 8 Tall
Crafts	Sewing Lessons. I have a good basic knowledge of sewing, which I learned from 3 yrs of home ec in school - 40 years ago. I made
Crafts	gathering long sections of fabric. I have a very 270 inch length of fabric I need to gather to 80 inches for one side of a beds
Crafts	Singer Touch and Sew Zig-Zag 626. I can't seem to get the bottom stitching to look like a proper stitch like the top stitching.
Crafts	altering a duvet. QUESTION: I have a king duvet that I would like to cut down to a queen size. Is it possible and what do I do 
Crafts	Threading or loading a bobbin. I have a Model 750 and no manual. Â How do I load the bobbin? Also, how do I stitch in reverse ? 
Crafts	Singer 500a Rocketeer reverse stitching... Hi there, Bill! I just received an old Singer 500a Rocketeer and it did not come wit
Crafts	Ladies jacket alteration. I have bought a beautiful suit on clearance and the jacket is a size too small. It is too tight at th
Crafts	calculating pleats. help. i have a dress, bottom width 73. i have a ruffle piece 138 wide. i want to pleat the ruffle with a 
Crafts	trying to work out what kind of fabric I have. Hi Sharon,  I am sorting through my craft room at the moment. Because I do lots 
Crafts	Re: Tension Issue?. QUESTION: My top thread is being pulled to the back of the fabric several more times then needed...the righ
Crafts	Cutting and Sewing Slippery Fabrics. My daughter is having trouble cutting out a skirt from georgette fabric as it keeps slippi
Crafts	alter slacks. Hi Jenna, I have 6 pr. new, good quality slacks Size 22-24--all were just a little snug when I bought them, on 
Crafts	drapery making classes. I am looking for some drapery making classes in the Michigan, Ohio or Ill area... Â any ideas?  Marian
Crafts	Kenmore not chain stitching. I am trying to sew garment leather (very thin stuff). Â After installing a leather needle and threa
Crafts	sewing. How does one enlarge a smaller pattern to fit a larger body size? Â Too late I realized my ready to wear dress size is n
Crafts	sewing. Can you please instruct me to make a canopy topper for a double hung window. I purchased Â cotton material with lining. 
Crafts	manual. QUESTION: where can I purchase a owners manual for a Singer zig zag model 648 sewing machine??????????  ANSWER: Hi! You
Crafts	sewing machine light needed. having a hard time finding a light for a 1936 model 99 singer machine - do you have any ideas wher
Crafts	sewing speed. If i put a larger pulley on my industrial to slow it down will it upset the sewing. I am only a learner on machin
Crafts	Stitches. When sewing my top stitch looks terrible, but when I look at the other side it is perfect. I have re threaded, new ne
Crafts	Cover plate on kenmore sewing mackine. I have about a 20 year old kenmore sewing machine, model number-158-1784382. It is sewin
Crafts	Work Pants/Slacks. QUESTION: I am in the process of altering all of my work pants/slacks instead of buying all new ones.  I'm a
Crafts	Re: Mitered Triangle?. Dear Tiffany,  A truly mitered corner only happens at 90 degree angles, so that is why you only find ins
Crafts	Singer 2263 bobbin issues. Hi,  I got a singer 2263 for my birthday a week ago. I have only made 1 pillow with it because I am 
Crafts	Altering crotch of ladies pants. I have a pair of pants that the crotch is too long. Â The pants have an elastic waste band. Â Ho
Crafts	Beginning sewing projects. I have minimal sewing experience. Â I have a hand-me-down sewing machine in my garage that I have got
Crafts	basement windows. basement window in alc I want to make window treatments for two basement windows. Â Each window is in an 5.5ft
Crafts	Kenmore Sewing Machines. Ms. Vogel: First Thanks for volunteer your time to help those like me that need help. My wife has Kenm
Crafts	Altering a queen bedskirt down to a full size. QUESTION: I can purchase a queen size comforter set for half the price of the fu
Crafts	heming. HI JENNA I'M HEMING A DRESS WITH A SLIT ON THE BACK HOW DO I RAISE THE HEM AND STILL PUT THE SLIT BACK OR CAN I?
Crafts	Singer treadle machine. Sharon,  I am unsure if my question is general sewing question or if it specific to the 1903 Singer tre
Crafts	Re-purposing a Bridesmaid dress. I have a bridesmaid dress that I had professionally shortened after the wedding to cocktail le
Crafts	zipper installation. I am making a Snow White costume for my grandaughter, want a perfect fit I usually just use velcro...for
Crafts	hemming drapes. QUESTION: Hi, I have been sewing drapes for years and one thing that drives me crazy is that I am so careful ab
Crafts	janome sewing machine. I have a new janome s750 sewing machine on which the balance wheel does not want to turn either when you
Crafts	pattern alteration. good morning, hope you can help me out. I am making a pattern, using eyelet white scalloped material. It is
Crafts	Altering pattern from buttons to zipper. QUESTION: Hi- I'm trying to find a pattern to make a specific style jacket for showing
Crafts	Tailoring info:. Dear Sharon, I have been trying to have my pants made or custom fitted.     Back in the day, I once went to a 
Crafts	Adding elastic to a readymade bedskirt. I saw a bedskirt in a catalog that was adjustable for any size bed because it was gathe
Crafts	T-shirt hem. I have several T-shirts to hem. Â Because if the knit fabric, I am wondering what technique to use so that I do not
Crafts	decorative eyelet hem. I am making a dress (simplicity new look 6589) with a decorative eyelet border hem, kind of like the fol
Crafts	down comforter. The channels (right term??) of my comforter have opened up...no longer separated. Â Can I machine sew this mys
Crafts	sewing sheer valances. how do you keep the sheer fabric from shifting?
Crafts	Sewing machines hate me today. I have 2 machines in my house. Â My White model 999 is the one I use all the time. Â Today I manag
Crafts	fitting around curves. I am making roll bar covers for our jeep. Â I am using umbrella canvas as the fabric with velcro closure.
Crafts	grommet placement. I have made lined draperies with a buckram header. Â The grommets I've purchased are large and will fit over 
Electrical	what to do with common wire when splicing to wire with only ground.. I replaced our electric range with a gas one and want to u
Electrical	Reading the NFPA 70 etc. National Electric Code Online. It does seem impossible to search for, but just about any code publishe
Electrical	Mechanical timer hookup?. I have GE-15307 mechanical timer installed for my pool.  I have followed the instructions, adding the
Electrical	harbor breeze 72 in. fan. I just installed the fan and when I was going to program the remote it said to pres the SET button fo
Electrical	how do I run power from my house to a pool/pool room that is 160 feet from my house.. I installed a 24' pool 160 feet from my h
Electrical	aluminium wire. new information on use of aluminium wire
Electrical	electrical questions. I have 2 track lights, 4 bulbs each that just stopped working. Ive changed breaker, put in new bulbs but 
Electrical	harbor breeze model l808. I have a Harbor Breeze Pacific Grove ceiling fan w/light kit Model # L808.  The light kit globe and r
Electrical	Old 3 speed fan switch has white, purple, blue, grey wires.  How to connect?. My old pull chain 3 speed fan switch has white, p
Electrical	designer choice ceiling fan?. i have a designer choice ceiling fan remote. the batteries went dead. once i replaced them, the r
Electrical	mobile home wiring diagram 1962 conner moblie home electrical. mobile home electrical wiring diagram for a 1962 conner mobile h
Electrical	refrigerator and microwave on same ciruit?. I am ripped some drywall down from behind my kitchen and stove area.  I see that th
Electrical	electrical  lighting help. currently got haligen shower downlighters 12volt transformer 35watt bulbs, can I change these to 12 
Electrical	hampton bay fan light wattage. I have a 52 HB Caffe Patina fan model #119835. It comes with a mini halogen 100W bulb. A thick 
Electrical	electrical questions and answers free. can I run 6-500kcmil and 2-350kcmil use-2 wire in a 4 grc conduit for line side power t
Electrical	Converting previous 220 compressor outlet. I currently have a 220 volt compressor outlet that I want to convert to a 4 prong ou
Electrical	ceiling light will not work in house. our light in the kitchen is on a three way switch the switch also lights the other lights
Electrical	Ceiling fan will not work after replacing 3 speed pull chain switch. I just recently replaced a 4-wire (3-speed) Ceiling fan sw
Electrical	neutral from main lug in garage. calling all electricians, here's what I've done. installed main lug in detached garage. ran 3 
Electrical	replacement part needed for riviera ceiling fan. I need a glass light cover for a riviera ceiling fan. The upc # is 0-92131-108
Electrical	Wiring. I have an electric line coming in from a gazebo with a paddle fan into my basement, the gazebo also has a outlet.  Ther
Electrical	480v 3 phase to 240 single phase. I'm wiring up 3 motors that are 240v single phase. the closest power is a 480v 3 phase panel.
Electrical	light bulbs blowing out. I just changed my lights out doors on my tennis court. There are 3 wires coming out. 1 red 1 black 1 g
Electrical	control Flotec1/2 hp motor speed. how can i vary the speed of my Flotec FP5512 well pump motor? can i use a Titan controls merc
Electrical	conductor ampacity. What is the conductor ampacity of Romex NM-B size 10/2
Electrical	I saw a home built in 1979 that had light switches 24 from the floor. Why??. My husband and I are shopping for a new home. We 
Electrical	Connecting pigtails from switch to power supply. I am replacing the switches in my garage.  I need to pigtail the hot wires fro
Electrical	I keep losing power in half my house but my breaker is not tripping.  why?. I lose power for a few hours then gain it back.  My
Electrical	installation single phase 600 amp elect serv panel. How complicated is it to put a 600 amp service in my shop. It's not wired r
Electrical	power loss at each adapter connection. How much power is lost at each adapter connection. Ex: From a Temp power construction po
Electrical	my ceiling fan work only on reverse. I  have a harbor breeze ceiling fan that only goes in reverse. How can I set the fan to ro
Electrical	No electricity in my outlet. I tried to use my vaccum cleaner, when plugged in the breaker tripped. I went to the fuse box and 
Electrical	Electrical wall switch keeps going out.. Our home is 20 years old. Our dining room light switch recently went out. We keep repl
Electrical	dryer. Can I hook up a electric 220 dryer,using a pig tail to a 110 outlet without harming the dryer or my appartment
Electrical	Harbor Breeze automatic light dimmer. How can I bypass the light dimmer on my harbor breeze ceiling fan. I have no remote or in
Electrical	any info on a hampton bay ceiling fan model ac-374. I have what I think is a hampton bay ceiling fan model ac-374 that appears 
Electrical	Replacing single recep with duplex. I've recently encountered in a small contracting job, a T-blade single receptacle located i
Electrical	Fan Ceiling Wiring 3 Speed Switch. trying to locate  ZING EAR ZE-268S FAN SWITCH
Electrical	UF-B wiring in an interior application ?. I have built a complete apartment inside of an existing metal pole building. I framed
Electrical	Buzzing, Flickering, Tv..? HELP. We have just now experienced our fire alarm going off and right after we started to hear a buz
Electrical	Why isn't my (electrical) question being accepted by your system / I tried twice. I have a Hampton Bay (model 52-CS) ceiling fa
Electrical	Please ask questions on the board, not to members via PM.. Please ask your questions here on the public boards rather than Priv
Electrical	Hydro Consumption Through the Roof...... Any good books out there on Conserving Hydro Consumption in the Home ?? The latest Mon
Electrical	I have a Hunter ceiling fan w/light ineed to know how all the wires in the light conn. I need to know how all the wires connect
Electrical	100amp wire size. Hi, I'm running a 100 amp sub panel aproximatly 85 feet from the 200 amp main for an apartment. what size wir
Electrical	Wiring problem for harbor breeze. New fan. Wires from ceiling black, white, bare copper. Wires from fan black blue white and gr
Electrical	Thru Wall Wiring for Stove Exhaust Fan. Running a 14/2 w/ground through the wall where the fan unit will be mounted. Does the w
Electrical	Speed control switch. I installed a speed control switch in my ceiling fan. Now when I pull on the light switch chain when the 
Electrical	PID controller. hello; need alittle help.I recently purchased a Paragon kiln #E9C for heat treating.Specs(115v,12amps,1375watts
Electrical	question re hampton by ceiling fan. I have a Hampton Bay ceiling fan, Model No. 32-ANT.  The label also says No. 004492 and U
Electrical	2009 soft tail just changed battery battery light on and so is oil light?. 2009 softtail just changed battery battery light on 
Electrical	Where do I get a replacement globe for a harbor breeze pacific grove ceiling fan  ?. Lowes told me to deal with harbor breeze w
Electrical	40 Amp breaker. I have a 40 amp two pole breaker that powers 240 volts to a stovetop range and hood. The stovetop range require
Electrical	Bathroom  lights. I am having a problem hooking lights back up in my bathroom, I unhooked them to paint and now I can't get the
Electrical	Ceiling Fan Troubleshooting & Repair Frequently Asked Questions. Check out these tips and explanations from our Electrical Expe
Electrical	Electrical Service. I would like to know if it is possible to run electricity 1400 feet from a 100 amp service and have enough 
Electrical	Hamilton Beach ceiling fan removal. I have a Hamilton Beach 52 inch ceiling fan which I installed at least 10 years ago. I need
Electrical	Installing new service entrance mast, service bypass meter & disconnect. Q. - Is the 2 rigid pipe (mast riser) with a threaded
Electrical	How to connect elektromec motor. I have  an Elektromec motor, 6 wires , 120VAC , 2.7 A, 27 uFcapacitor: My resistance readings 
Electrical	Light bulbs blowing. what causes new light bulbs to blow out as soon as i switch them on?
Electrical	How do I repair an non-functioning light socket on my ceiling fan?. I have a Hampton Bay, San Marino, 36 ceiling fan--UL Model
Electrical	Every thing on the fan works but the down light will not turn off or dim.. I have a Wakefield ceiling fan model 40099 and ever 
Electrical	what do i do with the bare wire when connecting a light fixture. i am conncting a chandelier that has a black, white and a bare
Electrical	Installing DownDraft Cook top. Please help. Hello, I recently threw out the ancient broken cook top, and replaced it with this.
Electrical	Receptacles out but circuit breaker not tripped. Hi,  Yesterday I had 4 receptacles and a ceiling fan go out without tripping a
Electrical	woud it be okay to install a GFCI breaker in the breaker box. I have found out that it would be okay to install GFCI on older 2
Electrical	hampton bay parts model 1327 series. I need to replqce the upper arm holding the lamp
Electrical	hot tubs. i just purchased  a hot tub that was set up for 110 to a dedicated 20 amp breaker.  but the heater shuts off when the
Electrical	pumptrol pressure switch adjustment. I am having problems with the Chlorinator not sending chlorine to the house. My unidose pu
Electrical	how does a 240v to 120v transformer work. I want to convert a 240v heating wire to 120v with a transformer(step down).  The wir
Electrical	Dimmer switch makes other lights not work.. I just installed a dimmer switch and because of it, now my closet, hallway and bath
Electrical	3 phase delta delta transformer... i have a doubt about a 3 phase delta delta transformer.. If one line (eg: be it R) the o/p t
Electrical	when fan running receiving tv signals. about 4:00 AM WITH OUR HAMPTON BAY FAN RUNNING WE ARE GETTING A TV STATION BROADCASTING
Electrical	my harbor breeze fan remote does not respond. I replaced the batt & the blue  light stays on all the time
Electrical	electrical answers regarding led lighting. Can led christmas lights that plug into 120volt household electrical outlets be us
Electrical	What causes crackling in ceiling fan?. My ceiling fan crackles like a wire is loose and it struggles to rotate in eithor direct
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan parts. The light of my ceiling fan keeps blowing bulbs and one socket does not work at all.  I need hel
Electrical	Hampton Bay Redington model Lighting & Fans. Ceiling fan turns on by itself.
Electrical	my 220 volt generator only has 110v coming out back gen and no power at main breaker. my 220 volt generator only has 110volts c
Electrical	what can be run under mobile home. Can I run romex or MC under a mobile home?  Does it have to go under the insulation?  Or is 
Electrical	Hampton Bay 52 in Berlini ceiling fan. I have a perfectly working Berlini 52 inch ceiling fan and I am looking for the glass gl
Electrical	hunter fan with dual switch. can't seem to wire it right. I have a white wire, black wire, and copper wire coming from the ceil
Electrical	where to get a 3 prong generator. who makes a 3 prong generator for a 220... trying to figure out how to check a stove in a gar
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fan - won't turn off!. my hampton bay ceiling fan with light has a remote that operateswhen the wall light 
Electrical	Wiring diagram for replacing a ceiling fan switch. I have an Airmak AM207 ceiling fan.  It has a 3 way switch with 4 wires.  I 
Electrical	Light won't respond to switch - stays on all the time.. The switch is a Combination Single Pole/3-Way.  There is a light in the
Electrical	Rotary Switch Wiring. I need wiring instuctions for a tower mfg corp. 6A. 120V 3-way rotary switch for a exhaust fan
Electrical	airpro uc7085t remote. I have an Airpro UC7085T remote for my fan.  My home is a new construction and the installer did not giv
Electrical	Warranty on Harbor Breeze ceiling fans. I bought three Harbor Breeze fans in 2005  these fans are remote control.  Two no longe
Electrical	hampton ceiling fan parts model ac5520od. need light assembly
Electrical	How do I wire 2 separate ceiling fan/light controls from one power source?. How do I wire 2 separate dual slide controls for 2 
Electrical	How to reassemble Zing Ear pull chain switch. Appliance: Hunter ceiling fan; Problem: Zing Ear pull chain switch #ZE-268S6 The 
Electrical	Light Fixture Quit Working. We have a bathroom light fixture that quit working one morning when I flipped the switch. I saw a s
Electrical	light switch problems. I recently tried to fit a metal light switch and have tried all combinations and can get the light to wo
Electrical	Pool hooked up to tariff 33. Had my pool hooked up to tariff 33, 2 weeks later no power looks like it is off in the box. Hooked
Electrical	Hampton Bay 7200 BN Dim Puck. Where can I find replacement pucks?
Electrical	airworks ceiling fans. i need two remotes for my fans they do not work model AS3DN where can I get it
Electrical	Hunter ceiling fan pull chain replacement. I replaced the three speed pull chain unit on my Hunter ceiling fan.  Now I have fou
Electrical	can you use 2 small fans and a laptop on a 15 amp breaker without it throwing it?. i have2 box fans and a laptop using a 15 amp
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan direction change. I have an HB fan that I can not find a model number for.  The fan uses remote model U
Electrical	electrical questions and answers. If I plug a portable gfci into a circuit already protected by a gfci will it work? will I be 
Electrical	Rotary switch wiring diagram. I purchased an old rotary switch, unfortunately without a wiring diagram.  It has four settings (
Electrical	Lights turning on by themselves. Last night a light turned on downstairs by itself.  How can this happen?  It was very scary an
Electrical	electrical. I need to replace a dining room ceiling light controlled by two separate switches located on opposite walls.  There
Electrical	Elecrtical wire nuts. How do i remove the white wire nuts that came on my ceiling fan light kit?  They do not come off with twi
Electrical	Need help fixing/capping live wires to prevent fire. Background: In Pennsylvania. I am a rookie at electric and normally call t
Electrical	Grounding, Bonding and Surge Supprression. For now I'm going to put this paper up as is.  Eventually, I'll add page numbers for
Electrical	what is the distance before you need to upgrade the wire gauge?. I have read that you need 20 AWG gauge wiring to run a 20 amp 
Electrical	Fasco bathroom exhaust lens cover. Where would I find a replacement 8 inch lens cover for a round Fasco bathroom exhaust light/
Electrical	Recessed lighting stoed working. I have three recessed lights in my kitchen, controlled by one switch. All three went out. Ligh
Electrical	New light fixture works but I can't turn it off by the wall switch. I have a ceiling box with two whites, two blacks and two re
Electrical	where in 2011 electrical code book    in panelboards grounds , neatrals seperate. in where does it say that neautrals and grond
Electrical	can a fixed range find the range the meter will use to measure the circuit values. Some meters have fixed range buttons which
Electrical	where is the model# on my halminton bay fan. the fan came with the house and it has a remote. The fan and lights do not work. P
Electrical	my smoke alarm is hard wired and disconnected and chirping. I have two hard wired detectors in my home. I have had chirping for
Electrical	150 feet of outdoor wire for a shop. what size wire is appropriate for 150 feet from house to shop.Shop 60 amp box. Will run sh
Electrical	How to install remote and wall switch for ceiling fan.. Package has three parts - unit that goes into housing, switch that goes
Electrical	anyone use Legrand Adorne switches and plugs?. Hi.. remodeling kitchen and would like to if anyone has ever used/installed the 
Electrical	where does the jumper wire go on a spa panel for 50 amp. I was given an older jacuzzi spa with a balboa H136 circuit board. It 
Electrical	bathroom wireing. I have a bathroom with a light, gfi plug and switch they used a three wire wire to run from the light to swit
Electrical	What size conduit do I need for 14/2 grounded wire in house?. Size conduit for using 14/2 grounded wire in home construction
Electrical	How to bypass ceiling fan remote. I have a Harbor Breeze 52 Helix II ceiling fan with light (Model # Model: 78512448), bought 
Electrical	Turn switched outlet to always on, use switch to power ceiling fan. I have an outlet which is turned on/off by a wall switch. O
Electrical	there is no room for my ceiling fan transmitter. I have a dimmer switch and a separate off & on switch going to my ceiling fan 
Electrical	home circuit. Hello, we have a 50 Amp 240 VAC circuit with a single outlet in the garage area pulled there by previous owner fo
Electrical	Hunter talon replacement globe. The globe fir my Hunter Talon ceiling fan broke and i cant find a replacement anywhere! anyone 
Electrical	residential electrical service. What size aluminum conductors needed for a 200 amp, 240 volt single phase, residential service 
Electrical	Murray style EP20-20 CU 10-14 al 10-12 breaker will not reset. The above breaker is stuck between the on and off and will not r
Electrical	Manual for harbor breeze ceiling fan model E 206035?. My fan will not work
Electrical	Ceiling fan light burned out!. Ceiling fan light fixture burned out and actually flashed blue when the light switch was turned 
Electrical	electrical switch box height from floor garage. Can you mount the electric switch box in a garage at 55'?
Electrical	Light switch keeps failing?. About a year ago, I wired and obtained service for a small barn I have. This is not my first elect
Electrical	Hampton Ceiling Fan. We are trying to put up a Hampton Bay Campbell 52 ceiling fan. We have all the wires connected and the mo
Electrical	How do I change the light bulb in a Harbor Breeze Model #D5201?. I have a Harbor Breeze ceiling fan, model #D5201.  I can't fig
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Ceiling Fan Manual. I am looking for a Web site that I can download a manual for a Harbor Breeze Moonglow celing 
Electrical	3 speed floor fan switch wiring. switch broke .. i got it together but dont know were the wires go .. two from wall and four fr
Electrical	100 va tranys. How many 110 outlets can you run from this?
Electrical	Hallmark Ceiling Fan Light Remote. I have two ceiling fans that I believe were installed when our house was built -- about 30 y
Electrical	Do we need another transformer for 500 foot run and what gauge wire?. We are adding a shed and will be running a new line from 
Electrical	Hampton bay ceiling fan lights & fan not operating. Hello, appreciate any help. It just stop working can't honestly say what st
Electrical	Hampton bay Ceiling Fan Model AC 552 Specifications. I am trying to find out the bulb size for this model fan.  It is larger th
Electrical	I had a ceiling fan with a broken pull chain switch. I removed the switch and connect. Ceiling fan wiring
Electrical	dimmer switch. I am trying to install a 2 gang, 1way dimmer switch in my living room. On my new switch are 2 sets of L1, L2 and
Electrical	Breaker trip. Two questions  Will a freezer going bad cause a line to trip ?  The line had never tripped before. I pretty sure 
Electrical	quicksilver commander 3000 parts. I have a 2002 Quicksilver Commander 3000 Classic side mounted remote control. The run/off swi
Electrical	Problems with my harbor breeze calling fan.. We had a power outage and when the power was restored The celling fan does not wor
Electrical	Is a multi outlet considered an extension cord if it uses the center screw?. I know that the multi styles that just plug into t
Electrical	Voltage detector problem. In my new house it had a loft that was converted into a bedroom by putting a wall up and a door. In t
Electrical	buying older house. Hi  Buying a house built in 1890s, had extension 1970s, has the old electric board still under the stairs, 
Electrical	Another 2 wire, 3 connector light switch question. Hello folks,  I have a wiring problem that has me stumped. I have a Leviton 
Electrical	Casablanca ceiling fan Model CB14022T  blown circuit board. Hi, I have 2 older model Casablanca fans that both have the same pr
Electrical	pump on and off. My challenger pump is constantly turning off.   I have to go out and shake the electrical box next to it to ge
Electrical	Parts for Hunter Ceiling Fans. Do you have replacement blade iron set and blade set for model number 20479 in textured white.  
Electrical	how many watts solar will I need to run a/c at 15 a. I want to run a/c in my home off of solar panels with batt bank how many w
Electrical	program a remote. Hampton Bay Remote control  battery was replace.  How to program number in the control to work again?
Electrical	hampton ceiling fan parts. I have the Hawkins 44 inch ceiling fan. I am using it in my kitchen, but it doesnt give off enough l
Electrical	how to wire three wires to a four prong turnlok plug. how to connect a four prong turnlok to a three cord dryer plug
Electrical	Why is my breaker switch turning off when I turn light switch to off posiion. The box where my kitchen light fixture is located
Electrical	hampton ceiling fan parts. have hampton bay ceiling fan with light - broke glass bowl and accidentally pulled wires out of ligh
Electrical	Change Receptacle from 6-30R to 5-20R. I purchased a replacement PTAC that has a 5-20P.  It turns out that the original machine
Electrical	Ask Electrical Questions and Answers. Have flourescent lights install in kitchen. They light with no problem. But when the spri
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fan remote. Fan & lights all worked by remote for several years. Out of the blue the motor speed will no lo
Electrical	circuit breaker will not reset. Electrical storm caused my breaker#19 controlling hall, bathroom electrical switches etc. to ha
Electrical	how to wire a regular light fixture when box has 4 wires. I am trying to install a basic ceiling light to a electric box with 4
Electrical	Calculating the load on a panel - commercial property. Our landlord requires that as the management company for a commerical of
Electrical	Hunter 5 Min Ceiling Fan Install Problems. I have taken down the old fan from 1976 and am trying to install a new Hunter 5 Min 
Electrical	Troubleshooting us craftmaster Water Heaters. we have a 50 gallon hot water tank and we have changed both elements and the ther
Electrical	harbour breeze ceiling fans. My ceiling fan only works in reverse and is 100% remote control operated. Any advice on how I can 
Electrical	Basement wiring. In a new unfinished basement does code state that there must be one gfi rec and one light in it? The reason is
Electrical	Hampton bay fan. I need a new cover for the electric housing...
Electrical	Recall recall recall please read. This book has some nasty errors on wiring. Many home owners use this kind of book to do wirin
Electrical	are smc ceiling fan parts available. I have an smc ceiling fan model A 52.  Are parts still available??  I need a couple of the
Electrical	3 amp 25 volt light switches. I Am Upgrading A House That Was Built In 1963 And The Light Switches Have Never Been Changed,the 
Electrical	Fan switch 4 wire diagram. I need a wiring diagram for a 4 wire ceiling fan  Black & Gray switch.. Harbor Breeze 033906 switch
Electrical	Replacing Ceiling Light Wire. I am adding new cable to my ceiling light fixture. It is a vintage fixture and came with none. I 
Electrical	58 inch Aero fan stopped working. We have a 58 inch Aero fan. The fan stopped working.  Observation:  The remote works with oth
Electrical	12v solar battery station. Hey, I have a radio system I'm trying to set up. With my current set up I'm able to run my radio tow
Electrical	Harbor Breeze #0317998. I need the instructions as I misplaced mine for installation.
Electrical	how far can you run 14/2 wire. Is 100ft to long for 14/2 wire from breaker to water tank element in corral?
Electrical	Ceiling fan will not work after replacing 3 speed pull chain switch. I just recently replaced a 4-wire (3-speed) Ceiling fan sw
Electrical	2 Transfer Switches on Main Load Center?. I'm looking at the Generac GP17500E portable generator for my house.  The large 50A r
Electrical	3-Way dimmable not working. I am wiring/redoing my basement.  I wired 2 three-way switches to work some overhead CFL can lights
Electrical	Remote control problems. I have a ceiling fan and light that operates off of a remote control. Changed batteries and everything
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fan model 52-rdt. I have a Hampton Bay ceiling fan Model 52-RDT.  The lights work, but the blades won't tur
Electrical	Installing Switch and Tamper Resistant GFCI Outlet. what if I am connecting a light  to a combo outlet/switch fixture?  from li
Electrical	placement of breaker box. We are building a new home and walked through it yesterday to check on the work. We noticed the elect
Electrical	can i use a combo light fan dimmer switch to control puck lites off a transformer. I have a combo fan light dimmer switch. One 
Electrical	I want to run electric to my shed ???. Ok I live in florida so there is no going under my house to run wire. Two ive never done
Electrical	Will my wall switch for a ceiling fan still work if I install a remote too?. I have two wall switches, one of them with a slide
Electrical	Hamilton Bay Model AC 552 ceiling fan speed switch repalcement. My pull chain broke on my fan speed switch. I replaced the swit
Electrical	Electrical Questions and Answers Free. after a electrical storm went thru area.  I was left with a house with 1/2 power off on 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Fan Problem. My Harbour Breeze wall remote includes a light button. The remote worked well for a month. Now the f
Electrical	How many watts I need to run 3 fans, 1 TV, i small pump, and 5 23 watt ligths?. I want to get off grid and get on solar power, 
Electrical	6 recessed ceiling lights blink in unison occasionally. Why would recessed ceiling lighting blink occasionally?  Dangerous?
Electrical	transformer entrance. Can you have conduits enter a dry transformer above the connection points of the transformer
Electrical	100 amp Main 100 amp Sub. Hi, I have 100 amp panelwith 8 unused spaces, running typical fridge, maybe 3 space heaters( 12.5 amp
Electrical	Levitron motion sensor light switch pr 180 won't go on. The light sensor turns the light on the first time you walk by and turn
Electrical	Hot water fuse keeps getting hot. The hot water heater blew a fuse and I changed it. The long buss fuses started making a sizzl
Electrical	why do my light bulbs keep blowing out as soon as I switch them on?. Why do my light bulbs keep blowing out as soon as I switch
Electrical	direct burial aluminum wire is it approved by ul. Is 250mcm direct burial cable alum for 12 1000w mh lights.200a service
Electrical	Voltage on wire not hooked up. How can you have 17 volts on two # 6 wires that are not hooked up on all ends. The third wire is
Electrical	Harbor Breeze ceiling fan stopped working. My Harbor Breeze ceiling fan just stopped working.  We had a power outage and now it
Electrical	how to junction a 220v baseboard heater thermostat. I have a baseboard heater in my kitchen.  The thermostat that controls that
Electrical	#4 THHN/THWN In Conduit Above Ground. I believe understand-- to whatever degree  ---how over the years, something unsuspected h
Electrical	Hunter fan light don't turn off. Our Hunter fan is about two months old. Everything worked fine until last weekend when the fan
Electrical	2 porch lights, operated by a 3 way switch, 1 switch and 1light upstairs and 1 down. I have an upstairs porch light, and a down
Electrical	Electrical video tutorial. I need a video that show step by step how to wire a new residential home, and how much charge for th
Electrical	comercial building. Can I put romex cable in a comercial building.
Electrical	how to wire a fan switch replacement on a 3 speed hunter ceiling fan. Replacement switch is a Westinghouse Angelo Bros., it has
Electrical	What next?. Ceiling fan lights sparked and smoked causing the circuit breaker to trip.  I replaced the light switch on the wall
Electrical	certain outlets not working. why would all the power in the house work except certain plugs in the kitchen. my dedicated fridge
Electrical	zing ear ze-208s wiring diagram. where do I find a general diagaram for hooking up a ceiling fan with light and pull chain ze-2
Electrical	Problems with Hampton Bay Ceiling Fans. The Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan information has been moved here.
Electrical	electrical question online. Can you put a light in a stove that doesn't have one?
Electrical	ask electrical questions free. i am installing a 100A service in a detached garage. the main house already has a fully loaded p
Electrical	A/C connection. I have given connection to A/C and switched on. Suddenly the breaker shut down. After i have removed the earth 
Electrical	new circuit for 45A garage door opener. my home was built in 1988 and the original garage door opener was functioning until las
Electrical	how can I run new circuits in a mobile home. I want to move a dryer in a mobile home.  Can the wire from the existing outlet be
Electrical	replace main breaker in a ge 125 amp outdoor panel. Can the main breaker in a 125amp ge outdoor panel be replaced with a regula
Electrical	outlet blew in garage.. I had an outlet in my garage blow. I have 2 other outlets in there and one is a gfi outlet.   I replace
Electrical	aloha breeze. My wire colors are orange, black, yellow , and purple need the wiring diagram it is a 52 dual mount ceiling fan 
Electrical	electrical lighting questions. I have a three pendant light fitter to install over my island.  We took the previous light out w
Electrical	Using Al. Wire for service entrance wire.. Was looking for help, failed elt.  Service inspection due to the use of al.  Wire co
Electrical	how to get lighting kit for Hampton Bay ceiling fan. Where can I  get lighting kit and fan blades for Hampton Bay ceiling fan m
Electrical	What is a bright white light in a vertical line or flash in room?. I am not the only one who has seen it. It always happens in 
Electrical	my harbor breeze ceiling fan stopped working. My Harbor breeze ceiling fan stopped working and not sure why. It has both a wall
Electrical	intermatic pool light transformer wiring. When switching on pool lighting, power on 120v side goes to 0 V
Electrical	GFCI and breakers tripping. I ran 2 new 20 amp circuits, one for lighting, the other for receptacles. I ran two 12 gauge wires 
Electrical	Where to find model number for harbor breeze fan?. I have a harbor breeze fan with no manual and I don't know the model. I have
Electrical	I have a La Belle percolator Cat. no 710 and need the glass top.Can someone please te. I need to buy the glass top to my La Bel
Electrical	hunter ceiling fan wiring diagram 20446. model 20446 hunter ceiling fan have a green wire a black wire a white wire and a redwi
Electrical	what is service entrance size for 300a-copper only. what is copper wire size for 300a service entrance?
Electrical	switch modelo t104 aT103. tengo un timer switch T104  que es para 220volt pero lo quiero usar para alimentacion 110volt y salid
Electrical	Hampton Bay Remote Ceiling Fan - light works - no fan. After about 4 months of use, this began to happen.  I would try to turn 
Electrical	how to wire an ac solenoid switch to ac power cord?. Hey,  I have an Ehcotech 120vac solenoid with two small black wires. I wou
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Problems. My Harbor breeze fan and light work well ( about 3 years old) except for the speeds of the fan. They se
Electrical	how to turn lights on. My room have a Ac-552RM44A-1 Ceiling fan. How do I turn the lights on? Does it needs a Remote or so?
Electrical	conversion of ceiling light fixture with an eyeball. Is it possible to remove the Eyeball from a ceiling mounted pot light?
Electrical	Popping noise. I turned on our ceiling fans light and the light went out, normal suggestion for replacement. I replace the bulb
Electrical	harbor breeze light wont turn off. Harbor breeze light won't come off. I click the button once and doesn't turn off like it did
Electrical	5 position selector swtich - alternate part no.  For ASR5173-64?. I have an older AC unit I'm fixing and can't find the origina
Electrical	a filament lamp decreases as it gets hot. On my science homework it says answer true or false and then it says my answer but i 
Electrical	hunter fan light. I wasnt clear on my last post. In the light housing i have 4 white 4 black 1 blue 1 brown and 1 grey .  The 
Electrical	how to install 2 gang meter to  2 / 100 amps breakers. I own a 2 floor house andI would like to install a 2 gang meter to feed 
Electrical	casablanca fan CFL light flickers after shut off. The control swithch has a power, reverse fan, forward fan and light switch.  
Electrical	Silverplate Markings. I have a nearly complete service for six of Rogers silverplate.  The marking on the back is IS.  Can y ou
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan ac-552. Hampton bay ac-552 (sku#474-628) kk   I have this fan on the ceiling and it needs to be remov
Electrical	supplying garage with power. I am placing my pump and water softner inside a garage and also want to supply the garage with pow
Electrical	New light Humming. Just bought and fitted a new light took down old one that had 3 bulbs new one has 5 just copied old wiring l
Electrical	Hunter ceiling fan 4 wire speed control only working in high and low. I have a Hunter fan that I had to replace the speed contr
Electrical	How do I change the light /remove the globe in hampton bay fan windward II model?. Hello I have a Hampton Bay - pretty sure it 
Electrical	How do I program a  Noma LV1064. I have a Noma timer model LV1064 used for outdoor lights and would appreciate if someone could
Electrical	my old ballast has one black, one white, and one blue wire only. I have an old 3 door cooler.  The lights have recently gone ou
Electrical	240vac to 120vac. I am trying to obtain 120vac power from a press powered by 240vac w/no neutral. I am using a transformer to a
Electrical	How do I change the light in a  HARBOR BREEZE FAN/LIGHT 69 AIRSPAN. The light bulb went out in this fan and I began to try to 
Electrical	Outdoor outlet stopped working. I put out all my outdoor lights they worked for a week then one day they went out.  The outdoor
Electrical	wiring 2 light switches. How do I wire two light switches- two lights- one power supply
Electrical	do i need a neutral wire to wire up a 208v single phase fixture. Asking cause the fixture only has two red wires and a ground c
Electrical	homestead ceiling fans HP 70 lubrication. WE have a Homestead HP 70 ceiling fan with lights that is squeaking.  Can this fan be
Electrical	Pop at wall switch, ceiling fan won't work.. PLEASE help.  I put up a new fan last night in home. Old owner took his fan but le
Electrical	Harbor breeze ceiling fans replacement parts?. I have a Harbor breeze Lakeside II Ceilin Fan and broke one of the globes  - whe
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling light bulbs wattage increase. We have a Hampton Bay fan with lights in the ceiling over our kitchen table. 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Light Kits. Need a light kit or globe for a Bahama ceiling fan the light kit is model EC996CB Item number 384196.
Electrical	When Well Pump Kicks on, a Separate circuit trips. I am pretty sure that the well pump and pressure tank are on separate circui
Electrical	Electrical help. So I have these lights from a semi truck that I would like to put in my room the lights work on a car battery 
Electrical	removing ceiling fan cover, no visible screws?. hampton bay fan.  There are no visible screws...how do you remove the mounting 
Electrical	I have 2 outlets 3 switches with a light having two bulbs I need to know how ti wires. Ok power into garage. I need to wire act
Electrical	Replacing a ceiling fan with light on 3 way switches. box on electrical box has a black, white a red wire. But light only has b
Electrical	Baja  Harbour Breeze ceiling fan. We have a Harbor Breeze Ceiling fan that will not work if the blades are on the unit? There i
Electrical	200 AMP underground electrical  Homeowner attempt.... Hi, I'm in need of some help on the electrical to my home. Northern Wyomi
Electrical	wiring schematics for lr63596. I need to know how to wire up an LR63596 motor with a white and blue connector and 2 wires red a
Electrical	well question. What type of wire should i use for a well to hook it up to the power box.
Electrical	Upright ceiling fan. I have an outdoor Hunter upright ceiling fan that has quit operating. There is electricity to it. What do 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze ceiling fan wiring. I just bought a Harbor Breeze (Elevation model)and tried to install it. The fan only comes wi
Electrical	What do I shop for to get ceiling light on cathedral ceiling straight down?. I have a cathedral ceiling in a modualr home. Chea
Electrical	Where is the receiver box on my Harbor Breeze model 40094 ceiling fan?. Where is the Receiver box on the Harbor Breeze 52  Mer
Electrical	Harbor Breeze ac-527 fan speed won't change. Just moved into a home, and this fan has a remote control but no pull switches.  T
Electrical	I need my 2 pole 50amp gfci breaker replaced but... I need my Siemens 2 pole 50 amp GFCI breaker replaced for my hot tub but wh
Electrical	New bathroom installation with GFCI's & exhaust fan. I'm running a new 20 amp. line into our bathroom. I plan on using 12-2 cab
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fan model # ac-552a. I have a Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan that was made in 2002. It is a unique fan in that it 
Electrical	Harbor breeze ceiling fan with upper and lower light / remote. Remote stopped. Changed batt. Switches ok. There is power to the
Electrical	Replacing ceiling fan with light.. There are 8 wires: 4 black together, 3 white together, 1 single white. From 4 different coax
Electrical	power mystery. why do the light go out in one room when i turn the power on in another?
Electrical	wire fan switch. Colors are grey orange and purple.
Electrical	installing a new switch in light on the ce[ling fan the switch has two black wires. the wires in the ceiling fixture are white 
Electrical	harbor breeze ceiling fan remote quit working fan on. How can I get the remote control to start working again on my Harbor Bree
Electrical	can't find the switch for a ceiling fan. I can find the switch for my ceiling fan.  The wall switch turns the lights on but not
Electrical	Ceiling fan reverse switch wire-around. Hi,  I have a perfectly good Harbor Breeze fan with a broken reverse switch and the fan
Electrical	zing ear pull chain switch. I need to replace the 3-speed fan switch(Zing Ear, ZE-208 S6) in my ceiling fan.  Where can I purch
Electrical	i want to convert a lamp from one light to two. I want to take a lamp that has one light to a lamp with two lights, one one the
Electrical	light fixture stopped working. I thought the bulb had gone out on my dining area overhead pendant light. Changed the bulb and i
Electrical	Wiring a Ceiling Fan for Separate Control. I have recently replaced an old light fixture with a ceiling fan. The fan has the fo
Electrical	What makes the breaker keep tripping after installing a new hot water heater?. Why does the circuit breaker keep shutting of af
Electrical	Kitchen light fixture is leaking water. My toilet upstairs over flowed and water started pouring out of the light fixture in th
Electrical	i had a 220v and my landlord change it to a 110v and now i need to change it back. i had a 220 outlet for a a/c unit and my lan
Electrical	arc fault tripping. New Bedding AFCI started tripping a few weeks ago after a rain. It trips after a couple hours of being rese
Electrical	What size aluminum to use, triplex?. Hello,  I am running a subpanel in my detached garage, 240v 100 amp panel.  Distance is 17
Electrical	Turned AC on & it immediately turned off with loud pop/blue spark at plug. HELP!. My air conditioner was off, and my daughter w
Electrical	Hunter Ceiling Fan with remote. I am installing a Hunter Ceiling Fan with remote, into an existing light location: Black, Red,
Electrical	I hear crackling at the light switch and smell burning wire. I switched on the bedroom light.  I flickered.  I heard crackling 
Electrical	is my fan to old and worn out. I can no longer control the light or the reverse on our ceiling fan with the remote.  I bought a
Electrical	Ceiling fan light blinks on and off. The light used to flash on and off...now it's so dim that it hardly comes on.  We already 
Electrical	antioxidantcoating-aluminium. Dear Sir, I need aluminium  antioxodant coating on Earthing Strip of size 25x3mm forA.C. Plant Ro
Electrical	Florescent Fixture Problem. We have a florescent 2 tube fixture in our closet.  I noticed a tube out so I replaced it.  The tub
Electrical	square d 50 and 60 amp gfi. I had a square d qo250gfi with a neutral wire i want to replace it wi th a qo260gfi with no neutral
Electrical	I have lost the globe for the ceiling fan and need to puchase another.  It has the ch. Where can I purchase one?
Electrical	I have a clothes dryer that run off 220v I live with only 110v outlets. I must pay to wash or dry my family clothes ( $$$ ) is 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze fan installation. My Harbor Breeze has black, blue, white and green wires. The ceiling wires are black, white, re
Electrical	Small switch with high amps?. I'm only starting to learn about electronics, so forgive my confusion please.  I would like to in
Electrical	lamp control. hai friends, I would like to know the circuit diagram to control a lamp. I have a wiring when the water flows the
Electrical	Help with wiring a HUNTER Ceiling Fan and Light Control. I am currently replacing a light switch with a ceiling fan and light c
Electrical	Contactor Connection to Auto Mains Failure system. Hi,  Warm regards to every one here, its my first post in this forum.  I nee
Electrical	Wiring pump motor. How do I wire a 240 volt 2 stage pump motor where does white black red wires go thanks
Electrical	how to find code for my harbor breeze remote. Where is code for my remote on my harbor breeze ceiling fan?
Electrical	Noisy Harbor Breeze Merrimack Ceiling Fan. Purchased 2 fans at same time but 1 has a very loud hum noise when running. Is there
Electrical	2001 prowler camper power cord, is black wire the hot wire?. 2001 23ft. prowler camper, the main power cord has three wires. bl
Electrical	used ceiling fan makes noise. can I fix it?
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan. I want to reverse my fan but there is no switch on the fan nor the remote....what do I need to do?
Electrical	coates 1.5 ILs electrical wiring schematics. I need to hard wire an Coates 1.5 ILS pool heater so I need the electrical wiring 
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Remote trouble shoot. hampton bay Altura fans will not work with remote.  Have by passed and the fan wi
Electrical	110 to 220. A hot and a neutral coming out of the box as tested . Hook up the fan . The fan does not function . Test the wires 
Electrical	model ac-552 (bt52-5lkrc). i have an AC-552 ceiling fan and need a globe for it
Electrical	Garage door remote not working. I can only open the garage door from the push button on the wall.  I have 2 remotes that stoppe
Electrical	electrical questions and answers. I an wanting to run power to my ultitly bldg, can I put a small breaker box in the bldg my br
Electrical	HARBOR Breeze Ceiling Fan. We have a harbor breeze ceiling fan.  The blades have quit turning but the motor continues to hum wh
Electrical	hampton bay lighting parts. I have a Hampton Bay Palm Beach II ceiling fan and I'm trying to find a light kit for it but I have
Electrical	Discontinued Savoy Renaissance Guild Outdoor lighting. Loking for Savoy Renaissance Guild Outdoor lighting Wall or Post Light
Electrical	3 Way light switch - Trying to turn one into a plug.. We have a 3 way light switch that controlled an outside light. We want to
Electrical	hampton ceiling fan parts. I have a Hampton Bay, Springview 52 ceiling fan, model no. 736372. And I need a new glass shade.I'v
Electrical	looking for a glass shade that would fit a Hampton Bay 44 inch Ceiling Fan. Would you have a phone number for a company that ma
Electrical	Switch with 2 black 2 white 1 red. Light switch with 2 black, 2 white and one red wire. Switch was missing so I cant tell you h
Electrical	Do I need to replace 14 gauge wiring with 12 gauge in the electrical panel?. Selling our home and during the inspection this wi
Electrical	Dawn to Dusk Outside Light. How do you troubleshoot an outside dawn to dusk light. We put up a new one but it does not seem to 
Electrical	does the dimmer switch matter for the amount of lights. running multiple lights on parrell circuit coming form a dimmer switch 
Electrical	sizes capacitor for ceiling fan. i have purchased 4 ex display ceiling fans without wall switches they had missplaced lost t
Electrical	chinese plug. I have a string of lights with a chinese 2 prong plug.  An adaptor seems to cost a lot more than the lights.  Can
Electrical	oven plug got wet. My oven got about inch of water around it but its electric and only pots and pans in bottom but the plug may
Electrical	remove wall lights. want to remove wall lights and disconnect from switch
Electrical	Changing 220 to 110 volt. I want to replace my 220 volt ac unit with a 110 unit. At the plug there are a black , white and a ba
Electrical	wiring a 4 light fixture with a 3 position pull chain switch. I am trying to replace a zing ear switch that controls my ceiling
Electrical	what would make a leviton dimmer switch make a buzzing noise?. what would make a leviton dimmer switch make a buzzing noise?
Electrical	Panel change 100 to 200 amp plus spa hook up. Although Im not a licensed electrician, I worked for one in the Pool/Spa electric
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Avian fan -- how do you remove light cover?. Harbor Breeze Avian Ceiling fan..how do you remove the light cover? 
Electrical	coiling wiring identification. In a 9-wire, 208-230/190 --- 460/380, 3-phase motor how do you determine the wire numbers?  We h
Electrical	Need help. So I'm needing help in a bad way so I got to change out my light switches cause they are out dated and I got new one
Electrical	Garage Door Opener Will Not Close Door. Light Is Flashing.. Garage door opener does not close door.  Light is flashing and ther
Electrical	Leaking from upstairs bathroom to downstairs, pouring through ceiling light fixture. Water is leaking from our upstairs living 
Electrical	220v wiring. Hi,  I just built a house and had 220V ran to my garage for my welder. Well I didn't notice until it was too late 
Electrical	Airspan Ceiling Fan Problems. My lights in my ceiling fan works off and on when I turn on them last week. I first changed the b
Electrical	wire size. I'm doing a re-wiring job, the last guy that wired this house back in 1978, (it was built in 1932), used 14awg to fe
Electrical	why would new square d pressure switch keeps blow breaker. We replaced our pressure switch and it blows the breaker everytime w
Electrical	where can i order a light globe for Hampton Bay Roanoke model YG216-NI celing fan. where can I get a light globe for Hampton Ba
Electrical	what size wire do i need to run a 5 hp, 240V, 1 phase motor (28FLA) 2600'?. I need to know what size wire is required to run 26
Electrical	I have replaced all electrical outlets and light switches in my home.  All are workin. I have replaced all electrical outlets a
Electrical	smoke alarms going off for no reason. Our smoke detector is chirping, usually starting early morning and chirping for several h
Electrical	240volts  across 120 volt appliance circuit. There feeder neutral loose in a panel causing 240 volts across 120 volt branch cir
Electrical	Generac model# 5244 DPE windings. Want to know if a can buy an external DPE winding that I could use to create a excitation cur
Electrical	hunter fans dip switch. I dropped my remote and lost one of the dip switch covers there are four dip switches my remote is part
Electrical	convert remote fan control to 3 speed switch. Casa vieja fan remote controlled.want to convert it to 3 speed switch.fan is abou
Electrical	Hunter Westminster Ceiling Fan wiring question. I have replaced an old ceiling fan with a Hunter Westminster w/ light kit. Ther
Electrical	Transformer for burglar alarm: how to attach wires?. Hello,  I am replacing a Plug-In class II transformer, PRI 120V 60 HZ .59A
Electrical	murray lawnmower electrical problem starter wire hot. murray riding lawnmower.  Changed drive belt.  Worked fine.  Cut grass ru
Electrical	my wires are not color coded. I am trying to replace my refridgerator plug. When I stripped the wires back,  I found two wires 
Electrical	Adding light to existing circuit.. I installed a bathroom vent fan and light to an existing circuit. I spliced into the circuit
Electrical	Intermatic t101 timer troubleshooting. Thanks in advance to anyone kind enough to answer: in re: T101 --if the manual lever is 
Electrical	trane 4dcy4060 blower runs. Indoor blower continuously runs. I have changed IFC board and module but it continues to run even w
Electrical	ceiling fan. ceiling fan motor and blades only no other parts would like to id  wires from motor have two pink, one yellow, gra
Electrical	Harbor breeze remote. Someone played with the switches on the back of my rote. Can anyone tell me what the four switched should
Electrical	Wiring Light with Power Source in Middle. I have a light box on a post that I have to feed power to but the electrical source i
Electrical	noise isolator parts for hunter ceiling fan -where can I get near Columbia MD. I am looking for the noise isolator parts for a 
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fans 140 254. install manual for 140 254
Electrical	Romex in PVC Conduit ?. Need to run #12 wire to my gate opener. Have 1 schedule 80 conduit in ground. Can I run 12/2 Romex thr
Electrical	wiring of pressure switch. I have a black, red, and copper wire coming from the fuse box: and a red, black and green coming fro
Electrical	Healthcare facility lab sink receptacle GFCI protection. does the 6' rule for GFCI protection at sink areas also pertain to out
Electrical	1440. Can 1440 watts be on a switch and not get hot
Electrical	jing neng electronic transformer. I need a replacement for jing neng electronic transformer for track lights E242426   TJN1150 
Electrical	how to wire a coleman compassitor. how to wire a coleman compassitor I have a red white and brown wire
Electrical	electrical questions free. I have an in ground pool with a light the previous owner had the light connected to a GFI breaker.  
Electrical	hampton bay discontinued outdoor lighting. I am trying to find discontinued Hampton Bay Outdoor Wall-Mount Lantern either 14704
Electrical	outlets losing power. We just moved into a house had been here a couple weeks when all of the sudden certain outlets would lose
Electrical	Idea: Hang a ceiling fan from 3/4 inch plywood base lag screwed to studs?. I want to hang a low profile ceiling fan in a rented
Electrical	Ceiling Fan connection. Ceiling has Black White and Red, This room has a dual switch from a previous fan I believe that had one
Electrical	max wattage calculation. Hello, wondering if this is true:  A 100 Amp electrical system in a house (photo attached) means that 
Electrical	4-way. How can you hook up a 4way when the hot leg and switch leg is in the same box?
Electrical	my HB ceiling fan and lite stopped working suddenly, I replaced the 9volt battery. My HB ceiling fan and lite suddenly stopped 
Electrical	Flush mount. Can the hampton bay springview ceiling fan be installed as a flush mount
Electrical	hunter fan DIP switch. I have 2 hunter fans w/remotes how do i change 1of the DIP switches in the remote? do they pull out or s
Electrical	4 way to a 2 way switch?. I have a room where 3 separate light switches for one over head light. Want to change that to a singl
Electrical	why are my lights blinking. Situation: Ceiling fan with lights (4) Replaced standard bulbs with LED By mistake I purchased E14 
Electrical	Need brand name for mod no. ac452-5. I have a ceiling fan I can't find the maker of. The mode is AC 452-5 Other nos. are53f5,  
Electrical	Ceiling fan light combo with 5 wires. Trying to install a ceiling fan with a light.   The ceiling box had 2 sets of wires.   On
Electrical	230 volt heating coil. can i run 280 volts to a 230 volt heating coil on an industrial oven ? And will a series of 3 of these e
Electrical	Led strips. Looking at using 12v led strips.  Wondering if you can use a battery with less voltage and what effects will it hav
Electrical	fan motor over heats. when on high of a two speed prostandard drum fan, the motor over heats and shuts down, whats up ?
Electrical	Wiring dimmer switch. I have a hot black wire and a white wire. Which wire goes where. The switch has a black screw connection 
Electrical	Ceiling fan. Installing ceiling fan and wall switch.  Do I go from power source to fan to switch or power to switch to fan?
Electrical	Wiring a light switch. I have a black and white wire that are hot and a black and white wire that goes to the light switch. I
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Customer Service. I am looking for the 52 inch Harbor Breeze white New Orleans Classic ceiling fan. E-NO52A5C4.  
Electrical	electrical answers. I have installed #4/4 Type SOOW cord from a truss ceiling in a commercial building. It feed a service disco
Electrical	Ceiling Fan Troubleshooting. West to replace a burned out bulb in a 4-bulb light fixture connected to an older Hunter ceiling f
Electrical	I have a 60Amp stove/oven switch. I have a 60A switch, but am installing a gas freestanding stove that only needs power for the
Electrical	No remote for ceiling fan in house I moved into. Can't find the manufacturer - no switch on fan to change blade direction for s
Electrical	Ze 268S6 Fan Switch. im trying to replace my broken fan switch with a new zing ear switch. I know the correct holes however im 
Electrical	Hampton Bay fan and lighting co.-customer service. I moved to my townhouse 10 years ago and my Hampton Bay ceiling fan (with li
Electrical	How much volume is needed to be added for a  plastic wire nut  when  box  fill. Calculating junction box fill volume.  I am uns
Electrical	Dedicated outlet vs. GFCI in Laundry room?. What is the current NEC, and what is the difference?
Electrical	free electrical questions. nutone 673rln fan/light combo. I have wired black to black. white to white. and red to blue. The fan
Electrical	Wall Thermostat Search. I'm attempting to replace the thermostat in my hallway, inside it had a series of numbers & letters T99
Electrical	how do you replace the bulb socket in a 97 toyota camry. One of my bulbs burnt out in the rear lights on my car. Actually its m
Electrical	Main Breaker arcs when electric dryer is running. I replaced main breaker about a year ago and at that time saw that it had bee
Electrical	What is the minimum wire diameter to support a 60 watt lamp on a normal household sys. I am fitting an external light and want 
Electrical	ceiling fan wiring. I need help with a no name ceiling fan wiring.  There are 7 wires from the motor, black, brown, grey, red, 
Electrical	Ceiling Fan Switch Wiring Diagram. I need assistance installing a westinghouse 3 speed fan light switch. The wires in hte ceili
Electrical	what wire gauge in kitchen?. Hello, I have a question regarding 12-2 NM cable sold for residential wiring.  The specification s
Electrical	Fishy smell from bathroom light. The lightbulb in our bathroom made a loud bang & turned off a few days ago. We took down the b
Electrical	Hampton bay ceiling fans instructions. I was given a Hampton Bay celling fan model number AC-552. I need instructions and insta
Electrical	how to hook up a dusk till dawn sensor. how do i hook up a dusk till dawn sensor with 3 wires coming off of it. 1 is black-line
Electrical	Reset IIIWoods Heavy Duty Timer. The Auto Mode does not work. Other modes do work correctly.
Electrical	Want to add a receptacle. I have a receptacle that is the only thing on that circuit.  Taking out the one fuse kills the power 
Electrical	where is the ceiling fan light limiter fuse. I tried to put 4-60 watt bulbs in a fan that was registered for 4-40 watt.  Lights
Electrical	Using both hot wires from 2 switches when wiring a remote controlled ceiling fan. I know it is said to cap off one of the hot w
Electrical	light switch has black and white. can i add a light to this. I want to add an additional light to a room. I want to add it to t
Electrical	fiberglass junction boxs gronnding. when making entry, into a fiberglass nema 4x junction box,or power panel,with rigid steel c
Electrical	Dimmer for recessed lighting?. I have one light switch in the kitchen that turns on 4 recessed lights all together.  Can I put 
Electrical	Arc fault tripping issues. I have a new construction three bedroom house two of the bedrooms have arc faults and one gfci (inst
Electrical	Certain appliances--refrigerator, microwave, washer, dryer, A/C--no longer work.... Certain appliances--refrigerator, microwave
Electrical	ceiling fan switch. It shows the color orange, black,yellow, purple which wire goes where on my zing ear switch?
Electrical	Wires underground ?. Need to run approx 50' of RG6 coax, electrical line, and water line.  Water line will be PVC Sch40. RG6 co
Electrical	Switch box height from floor. NEC code.. Installing ceiling fans. There are pre-existing switch boxes at 60 from the floor tha
Electrical	How do I get into my ceiling fan?. Blades are off, blade holders off, all that is left is the motor and the base attached to th
Electrical	celling wires burnted out and turn off light in other rooms. celling light ficture wires are burned out could this cause other 
Electrical	Hampton Bay floor lamp. I bought a Hampton Bay tri-light floor lamp at Home Depot in September 2012. It is a brushed-chrome-col
Electrical	switch motor direction. What two wires do I switch to reverse the direction of a single phase motor with a start capacitor and 
Electrical	forgot which color wires go into slots. i removed the old fan switch and forgot which color wires go into the slots.  i assume 
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling fan remote stopped working, 3 of them!. I had a party at my home last night.  We have three remotes for thr
Electrical	discontinued hampton bay light fixtures. I am looking for the Hampton Bay Bella Collection's 3-light chrome with white fabric s
Electrical	lighting strike insulation test. So we had a lighting strike at our house and i have been checking into how to check the insula
Electrical	light/dark sensor. I have lighting attached to a light sensor and want to add an outlet that will be always hot. I have red, bl
Electrical	Lights intermittently flicker in whole house.. Our lights intermittently flicker in whole house and have been doing so for abou
Electrical	Hampton Bay replacement part. I need replacement parts for hampton bay lighting
Electrical	hampton fans parts. A very special relative of mine gave me a Hampton Bay Carriage House II ceiling fan for my birthday Sept 20
Electrical	Kinkee Extension Cord...... Any DIY remedy's to taking the kinks out of an extension cord ?? Aside from a couple of Ooops Moves
Electrical	hot water tank. replaced  the  two  elements  3800watts ( old one  burned  out)  now  I  only  get  a  little  warm  water?   t
Electrical	national electric code online. What is max. and min. distance you can have on the service wire coming into your house top when 
Electrical	Designer's Choice Ceiling Fan Remote. I changed the batteries on the remote and the remote went haywire.  All the symbols are b
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Parts. I don't want the lights on the ceiling fan so I want a plate to cover that part of the fan. It i
Electrical	60 Amp Service Wire. useing  10-3  to  my  garage  to a  sub  panel  for  220 volt  for  my  small welder  and  small air  comp
Electrical	Replacement Parts for Hampton Bay Lighting?. I need one glass light cover for a three light bathroom fixture from Hampton Bay S
Electrical	how to boost oupt power of a small generator. Please how can i boost the out put of a 900watt generator to 2700 watts or more o
Electrical	can romex be used when wiring a house in nyc?. I need to run wire from circuit box in a basement to attic.  Can i use romex acc
Electrical	460v 3 phase water heater. I have a 460v 3 phase water heater I need to replace, I want to go back with a 208v 1 phase. The que
Electrical	can i power two 110v led bulbs in series with 220v in Europe?. I would like to take some American LED bulbs and use in Europe w
Electrical	Ask Electrical Questions. my daughter just moved into a 30+ Year old house.  there are some electrical issues that we are worki
Electrical	two/three way switches. I have two light switches in my kitchen on separate walls.  They control my ceiling fan/light.  The fan
Electrical	110 watt light works when 220 watt dryer comes on. ceiling bulb only work when electric dryer is turned on
Electrical	Cable Sizing. I need to run a 30 amp, 120 volt service about 180 feet from my breaker box in the house to my camper at the far 
Electrical	Ceiling fan controller for wall.. I have a ceiling fan wall control and I do not know what the wires connect to. The colors of 
Electrical	wiring diagram foremerson model k55ambht-9210. Wirng
Electrical	DSC 1832 Program question. A DSC 1832 will have 1 (one) Motion Detector w/delay entry and 1 (one) 2 wire Smoke Detector. As nea
Electrical	Mixing fluorescent ballast. I have an older 4 tube fluorescent light (T12 blubs) with 2 magnetic ballasts.  One ballast went ba
Electrical	why did rechargeable vacuum blow when plugged into 20 amp 250v outlet?. I have a spare outlet in the utility room.  Turns out t
Electrical	Hunter ceiling fan hums at medium and high speed. Hunter 1912 mission cieling fan 21978 hums at medium speed, and louder on hig
Electrical	generator powering 15a tools. I am looking for a small generator for my handyman business.  I see a Honda EU2000i generator and
Electrical	Half my power is out. Hi. My light just flickered in my bathroom and now all the lights in my apartment wont turn on not even m
Electrical	harbor breeze fan remote not working. My Harbor Breeze light/fan - at least 7 years old - fan stopped working.  Lights work, no
Electrical	2009 soft tail just changed battery battery light on and so is oil light?. just met a group of riders and this was their proble
Electrical	power out in certain outlets in a room. Today I unplugged a power chair in the living room and plugged it back in to the same o
Electrical	In house wiring, in a two or three gang box, can more than one circuit be fed in?. In a two or three gang switch box, can the s
Electrical	Changing light fixture- wires ( red, black and white?). Just changed light fixture.  When I put the power back on the light wor
Electrical	how do i cap black and white power after disconnecting trailer water pump. I own a travel trailer that appears to have a leakin
Electrical	how to change turn signal bulb in rear right of 2004 ford explorer. The right rear turn signal bulb on my 2004 Ford Explorer se
Electrical	Blue led reacement light. Need new blue led for center of track lighting.  Where do I find this part to order?
Electrical	suitable wire. hi. i'm designing a fractional N-PLL which operates in one to two gigahertz. i don't know which kind of wire is 
Electrical	Progress Lighting Marcella Collection Mini Pendant. I am desparately looking for a mini pendant made by Progress Lighting from 
Electrical	constant light or no light. i have an old light fixture with an outlet i went to replace and now need to put the old one back u
Electrical	My new pup chewed the outside wires to our central heating and air.... Husband rewired (reconnected them) them but unfortunatel
Electrical	Wire service, wire gauge 100 amp. I'm installing a 100 amp service in the backyard with a separate meter on a pole next to sub-
Electrical	Help! Is it breaker or outlet broken?. Please bear with me Im a new owner and know nothing electrical. I'll try to offer up as 
Electrical	3 white wires, which is the hot. Old wiring coming in to rebuilt structure has three white wires (12), none marked or color cod
Electrical	How do I find replacement globes. I have a Hampton Bay Bravado Collection Brunette Finish 5 light Chandelier.  I need replaceme
Electrical	GFCI plug. I just bought a GFCI 5-way plug-in. When I opened it I noticed it has the 3 normal prongs but it also has an plastic
Electrical	Wire receptacle to 3 way with a twist. I have the similar problem but there is also another 14/2 black, white& ground coming in
Electrical	Outlet Problems?. Hi....I was wondering, I have a fridge and microwave plugged into the same outlet.  When the microwave is on,
Electrical	Problem. I have a an older light switch that controls a garbage disposal and a wine refridgerator. I want to change the switch 
Electrical	Ceiling light on 3 way switch will not shut off.. My ceiling light will not turn off.  It is on a 3 way switch.  5 years ago I 
Electrical	Light fluttering in microwave. I had a new panel put in and now when I open my microwave - the light flutters.  It also sounds 
Electrical	Hunter Fan/Remote Control Installation. Hello All,  First-time home owner attempting to install a Hunter fan w/ Hunter remote. 
Electrical	outlet wiring. I have an outlet that is supplied by 12x2 (no ground). This is in a potentially wet area where I can easily run 
Electrical	how many watts is 10amps. how many watts would a 10amp adaptor give
Electrical	14 gauge wire with a 12 gauge junction??. I have a older house from the 50's.  The wire is the type thats wrapped in cloth.  Im
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan light fixture stopped working but fan still works why?. New light put in my Hampton Bay ceiling fan, bu
Electrical	Wall Outlet. Old wall  receptacle is not working. Multi Meter shows 115-117 on top bottom you have to move the probes around to
Electrical	Door chime -- Nutone LA174WH and IMA 516. Does any bosy worked with the above mentioned combo? Please let me know. I am having 
Electrical	3 harbor breeze fans controlled by 1 remote. I have 3 harbor breeze fans with three wireless controllers all set to the same re
Electrical	light fixture with 3 wires to a 2 wire conection box. I bought a new ceiling pendant that has 3 wires labeled L, N and the 3rd 
Electrical	where is the model number on Intermatic Mechanical timers?. where is the model number on Intermatic Mechanical timers?
Electrical	lakewood window fan wiring diagram. I cannot find a fan switch for my Lakewood HV-18-WR window fan. The switch fell apart. I th
Electrical	4 light F32T8 light fixture. When I turned on my light nothing happened. My husband replaced all four tubes, still nothing. He 
Electrical	briggs and stratton wiring diagram. I need a wiring diagram for a 18.5 horsepower brigs and Stratton.
Electrical	electrical help. I have an LB conduit right above the meter panel on an overhead service. The power company said that the LB co
Electrical	ask an electrical engineer. I am working with a low voltage lighting system on a model train layout. Output of power source is 
Electrical	how to connect hampton bay low voltage 300W transformer. I just bought a used Hampton Bay 300W Low Voltage transformer for land
Electrical	Putting in new light fixture. Had down lighters in the bedroom. Replacing it with tube light fixture. Each down lighter had two
Electrical	old electrical wiring. I am in the process of selling my older home in the home inspection it was found with an open circuit be
Electrical	ceiling light/fan has dimmer and speed light is turned off power in next room gos ou. ceiling fan/light has a dimmer and speed 
Electrical	how far apart should ground rods be located. I am running power to a building 40 feet from the house. How do I ground the subpa
Electrical	electrical questions and answers. In my 1930 colonial brick home I have found rigid metal conduit running through the original 
Electrical	electrical questions can ac and dc lines be run in the same conduit pipe. can ac and dc lines be run in the sameconduit pipe
Electrical	Aloha breeze ceiling fan 42. I bought this fan and it didn't come with any blade screws washers or any component to put it tog
Electrical	How easy is it to separate two lights controlled by one switch?. I'd like to have the dining room light controlled by its own s
Electrical	how to connect a 220volt  motor to a 2 pole 30 amp gfci breaker. I have a 20 amp 220 volt  pressure washer motor that has 2 hot
Electrical	Programming electrical timer. I bought an electrical timer at Canadian Tire 3 years ago and cannot find my instruction booklet.
Electrical	hot neutral reverse causes. Hello all.  In my two upstairs bedrooms all of the outlets are showing hot/neutral reverse except o
Electrical	Please Help with Installing a Ceiling fan.. I know to many of you this may be simple but I'm at my wits end with trial and erro
Electrical	ceiling fan. Old fan had 4 wires, and the new fan has 3. How do I replace this?
Electrical	Harbor Breeze 52 Ceiling Fan D5201 (not working). Thanks in advance for everyone's help:  problem, it's not getting any power?
Electrical	How Many Conductors Can I Put in Conduit. What is the number of ground wires needed inside conduit with multiple circuits - sam
Electrical	Lights in one room dimming after lightning storm. Hello there. A couple months ago we had a pretty bad electrical storm. At one
Electrical	Porch ceiling fan. Can a porch ceiling fan be installed using the wiring controlled by a 911 emergency light switch?
Electrical	hunter fans wiring diagram. I purchased a Hunter fan with kight assembly, Model # 53161, Item # 302359.  I am having trouble ma
Electrical	outlet working switch not working. I have a switch and outlet in the same box, the outlet works but no power tothe  switch. the
Electrical	No Voltage output on Champion C46535 Generator. Hello,    I have acquired a Champion C46535 4000 watt peak Generator from a fam
Electrical	Where do I find a replacement glass shade for a Hampton Bay ceiling fan?. I need to find the replacement glass shade for the Wi
Electrical	Ceiling Fan intermitantly starts and stops. My Hampton bay ceiling fan quit working. Intermitantly and without any activation f
Electrical	wiring a kitchen light. Hello. I have unscrewed the kitchen light and am trying to replace it with another. Basically, a blue a
Electrical	Fan question. Is there any way to change the direction for summer cooling without the remote?  Model # AC-552TT Vendor# 11289 U
Electrical	230 volts compressor. I just got for my walk In cooler an conpressor with condensing unit.  The conpressor tag says 230 volts 6
Electrical	light switch stoped working. I replaced the outlets in the room and now the light won't turn off. So I changed the light switch
Electrical	Rectifier bridge connected to line. Some time ago some one asked a question about hooking a bridge rectifier uip to the line vo
Electrical	how to wire a harbor breeze ceiling fan with remote. replacing old ceiling fan with new harbor breeze ceiling fan with remote. 
Electrical	Line wiring for 2 AC compressors. I'm having my HVAC replaced and am moving the location of the 2 outside compressors in the pr
Electrical	Old ceiling box wiring for light fixture--6 wires. I've searched for answers here and elsewhere but haven't seen this exact con
Electrical	wiring ceiling fan to 3 way switch. I tried to put ceiling fan in from scratch to and existing switch. The switch is, i believe
Electrical	Harbor breeze ceiling fan remote codes?. I bought a harbor breeze ceiling fan and I must have lost the papers to the remote bec
Electrical	What is tripping the switch?. my evaporative cooling had died, i got a plumber in who has charged me over $400 to fix it, 30 mi
Electrical	I'm looking for an additional remote control for a new Harbor Breeze ceiling fan. I'm looking for an additional remote control 
Electrical	Installing a hunter ceiling fan & light control to operate my fan w/light. I just replace my kitchen light with a new ceiling f
Electrical	wiring new ceiling fan. From the ceiling I have two romex wires (black and white each), one from the wall switch and another. F
Electrical	Using a 120v crockpot in a 220v outlet?. I am living in Italy & have a 120v crockpot from the states. I have a 1600 watt transf
Electrical	smc ceiling fan repair. My smc ceiling fan wobbles badly at high speed. Was it installed properly?
Electrical	light fitting no longer works. Ive changed the light fittin in my house and now the lifht wont turn off what could be wrong
Electrical	broken power line under ground. Can I repair  3  #2 Aluminum wires going from the main breaker box (200 amp) feeding a 100 amp 
Electrical	8.25 inch replacement cover for exhaust fan. My first question was not accurate....I am trying to find a 8.25 inch, plastic, re
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Parts. I Have a Hampton Bay ceiling fan model #AC-552AL it has to light fixtures (1) at the top & (1) a
Electrical	ceiling fan with light kit wiring question/2 switches. I have wired quite a few ceiling fans in my time but this one has me stu
Electrical	Why doesn't my ceiling fan light work. Turned the light which has a ceiling fan connected to it and I heard a big pop and the l
Electrical	wiring a bathroom light/fan/night light unit. I'm redoing my bathroom, I bought a  light/fan/night light unit and need to wire 
Electrical	hampton bay ac-552(sku#523-971) fan speed problems, the high speed operates at medium. hampton bay ac-552(sku#523-971) fan spee
Electrical	hunter fan help desk. I have 4 fans with lights and are remote, I can not get the fans to work together????? The dip switch is 
Electrical	national electric code free online. are you required to bring neutral to switch
Electrical	What light kits fit a Harbor breeze ceiling fan Item #35786. Can you give me any item #s to which light kits will fit this fan?
Electrical	Wiring 6 Recessed lights with a single switch. I am looking for a diagram that will clearly show me how to wire 6 recessed ligh
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan. How do I order parts for Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan
Electrical	2 220v pumps. One pump is 23 Amps the other is 7 Amps runningg on a 10000v circuit....wud I need a bigger Breaker?
Electrical	Pink wire. My fan motor came loose pulling 2 wires out of the wire caps.  One is white the other pink. Where do they go?
Electrical	can I use a 30A 220v in a 30A 250v outlet?. Trying to hookup a 30A 220v espresso machine in kichen. Can I use a 30A 250v dryer 
Electrical	1998 cal spa hot tub won't heat up. I have a 1998 cal spa hot tub that won't heat up past 70 degrees.  I took some advice on th
Electrical	rubber bushings used to attach fan blades. Trying to find replacement rubber bushings used in installing Hunter fan blades
Electrical	hamton bay fan remotes how to install to on existing fan. the fan does not have a switch to agjust the fane speed and there is 
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan stopped working; light still works. Hi,  My 3 speed ceiling fan (Hampton Bay-fan) with single light bul
Electrical	how to convert 220, red, black, green, white to red, black, green, white and copper. I have a 220 coming out of a hot tube with
Electrical	Hamilton Bay Ceiling Fans Troubleshooting. My ceiling fan has no high speed, medium and low speeds work fine, reverse works but
Electrical	3 lights on one switch, i want ONE of those on a new switch....just cut and run?. So we recently remodeled the ground level flo
Electrical	Electrical. I have a small cabin with a L14-30 inlet box, which feeds a 30 amp breaker in the cabin . recently purcased 200 wat
Electrical	slider switch question. I have a double slide dimmer switch in the entrance hall one switch controls the  lights in the outside
Electrical	how can an outlet have a hot neutral. I have a home circuit with 8 outlets, one of them switched, and 5 of the outlets show neu
Electrical	how to add another on off switch to quilting machine. Hi my wife has a quilting machine and the power button is allte way at th
Electrical	how to bypass remote on harbor fan. How do I bypass the remote on a harbor fan
Electrical	main panel breaker feeding sub panel. I have a 200 amp main panel, not using all the spaces provided. I would like to run a fee
Electrical	ceiling fan problem. I have a Hampton ceiling fan and light that goes to high speed and the light comes on without touching any
Electrical	bathtub water went overflow through kitchen light. I just realise my son heard something dripping in the kitchen. i realise i h
Electrical	power cord. Can you run a power strip along a window seal.with a metal frame in a commercial building
Electrical	generator. hi, i have a 5.3hp 6000rpm engine,  and i am thinking of connecting it to a 2500watt output generator to run it.. an
Electrical	where is the shut off switch for chevrolet venture 2003. my Chevrolet venture wont start or even indicate it will start I have 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Customer Service. We have a huge family room/dining room combo and put up 2 Harbor Breeze Fans. How can we get th
Electrical	low voltage lighting 2 channel transformer. I have a 300W low voltage transformer for landscape lighting. It has terminal for 2
Electrical	how do I add a junction box in a room?. How do I add a electrical junction box?
Electrical	electrical questions and answers free. I recently installed a new bedroom circuit with 10 receptacles and hooked up a 15 amp GF
Electrical	New ceiling fan install worked--until I attached blades. Replaced an old ceiling fan/light combo with a new Hampton Bay unit.  
Electrical	I am trying to move switch that controls the garage door and other lights. I am trying to move a switch that controls the garag
Electrical	Water spilled Electrical outlet for propane stove. Rental home... Outlet under propane gas stove is facing up and when my son a
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fan downrod. I need the smallest down rod possible for my Hampton Bay ceiling fan.  Please tell what the sm
Electrical	Ground interrupter question. Put in above ground pool that needs to be plugged on a ground interrupter plug in but we have no f
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Remote. I need a hampton bay remote control G9P2BTAUC7030T where can I find one Thank you
Electrical	Ceiling heat lamp buzzing after breaker turned off. My bathroom ceiling heat lamp started buzzing loudly while I was taking a s
Electrical	no sound when I turn on my central air. I have the same problem as another poster. Just had siding put on home. Now ac has no p
Electrical	Increasing breaker amps.. I have a panini maker that needs 3500 watts. I have a 30 amp main breaker with two 15 amp sub breaker
Electrical	free electrical answers to questions. why 8 OF GE motor managment relay 469 FAIL AT THE SAME TIME WITH GOOD POWER SUPPLY FUSE ?
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Ceiling Fans Replacement Parts. I purchased the Harbour Breeze Helix II Chrome Ceiling Fan, Model Number 78512 fr
Electrical	electrical wiring. What type of wire should I use to run a 120v outdoor overhead  wire Approx 150' to another building.
Electrical	Warranty. I have a Hamilton Bay Ceiling Fan that is probably 12 years old. The motor is burnt out. I don't have the receipt any
Electrical	how to wire a switch from an outlet. I have an outlet and want to wire a light and a switch from the outlet keeping the outlet 
Electrical	non working outlets. some of my plugs dont work.  I tested them and the tester buzz's in both holes?
Electrical	what are the differences between a ground bar and grounding bar. I have a square D panel and how can I tell which is the ground
Electrical	Hampton Bay ceiling fan removal. Hi, We have a Hampton Bay ceiling fan in our house (installed before we moved in). We want to 
Electrical	nothandy37659. So far I've followed the wiring directions that came with the new Hunter ceiling fan including a remote. I have 
Electrical	How much does it cost to change 100 amp service to 200 amp service?. I am buying a house with 100amp service and the home inspe
Electrical	flickering lights. I have floresscent lights that flicker when other people have their lights on. When there are only my lights
Electrical	wire diagram of CTD00G timer. Which wires go to which terminals of the timer unit
Electrical	480 volts transformer step down to 208v otls. What size of step down transformer i should use if the existing 480volts from the
Electrical	Pink wire in ceiling fan. No. The fan has NOT come loose from the ceiling. It is a free standing patio fan.  There are 4 wires 
Electrical	can i use 14-2 for a 3 way switch. 3 way switchs  for  2  lights in the  garage..can i let  the ground wire run through  the sy
Electrical	I lost the remote to my harbor breeze fan, is there any way to still operate the fan?. I lost the remote to my fan and now I ca
Electrical	how to install single pole dimmer with two black wires and one white wire. I replaced a single pole light switch with a single 
Electrical	Remote. My outdoor fan is running and my remote will not turn the fan off or work the light.  I replaced the battery and still 
Electrical	SMC Ceiling Fan Parts. What is the wiring sequence for a 3 speed pull chain switch for a SMC model U42 ceiling fan? There are f
Electrical	changing ceiling fan to a ceiling light. I removed ceiling fan and the box had a red, white and black wires coming out. The lig
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Installation Guide with remote controll. How do I hook up the remote fan to the ceiling and the remote?
Electrical	Ceiling fan changed out, it works, but not from the wall switch. Hello, I replaced a light fixture with a ceiling fan.  Today I
Electrical	Mobile home wiring. I own a palm harbor 4 bedroom double wide.  The front bedroom and the living room outside wall are without 
Electrical	Homestead Ceiling Fans. Anyone have directions for operating the WH 62 wall switch for my Homestead ceilng fan?  We bought the 
Electrical	Light fixture wiring. Took Down Ceiling fan with a light kit and am trying to replace with a regular light fixture. The current
Electrical	National Electrical Code questions and answers. In a manufactured home,that meet the code requirements of allowing the meter ba
Electrical	Wire and braker size. What size wire and braker do I need for a oven with 240/208 v ac 60 hz 20 amp circuit
Electrical	Electric Wiring In Panel Box. Can you tell the amount of electrical service entering the house by the wire size? If so what is 
Electrical	DOES polaris booster pump electrical current need to be changed to 120v for USA. I just bought a new Polaris Halcyon PB460Q pum
Electrical	Wiring Leviton 3 way motion sensor switches. Have done a search and found another post with the same question, but no info on t
Electrical	why does new doorbell chime and then buzz when both red wires connect. old doorbell worked, but the white transformer wires wer
Electrical	Electrical Service Upgrade w/ second panel vs larger single panel. Bought a house recently that had the fuse box replaced with 
Electrical	Is there a way to obtain constant power to a GFCI that was jumped of a light fixture.. My switch controls the light and GFCI, t
Electrical	how to buy and  wire a casablanca fan switch w-11 or w-32. how do I wire a casablanca swtich w-11
Electrical	track lighting with pendants all not working. Track with 4 hanging pendants. Initially 2 bulbs blew, day later one came back on
Electrical	Hampton Bay 68 altura ceiling fan runs slow. I just purchased a hampton bay 68 altura ceiling fan Even on high speed it turns
Electrical	FED lights on three way switches. I have installed LED recessed lights on three way switches.  It seems the lights will not wor
Electrical	Shed grounding. I am going to wire a shed.  I have uf 3 wire with no ground buried from the main to the shed.  I am not going t
Electrical	What wall a/c unit do I get with my new 220 line?. Last year I had an electritian run a 220 line for me so I could get a nice s
Electrical	wiring for in-sink aerator ss200, 3 phase, 208v, 60 hz. how to wire in sink erator ss-200, 208v,60hz, 3ph
Electrical	Distiguishing Hot, Neutral & ground w/ 3 white wires. I have 3 white (12) wires coming in to the shed. I have determined which 
Electrical	where do I find the harbor breeze fan RC switches on the fan itself?. Just moved into a home with 3 Harbor Breeze cieling fans 
Electrical	Need Casablanca model 4444 ceiling fan controller board 1/2W (small) resistor value.. Hi, I am trying to repair a Casablanca Fo
Electrical	wiring. I have a 3 way switch with a fixture at the middle of the run. I am replacing a one-bulb fixture, with a two bulb fixtu
Electrical	Lamp Base. Floor lamp need a circle piece of material insert into its base. So the lamp will not be leaning. it is 12 in circu
Electrical	GE 150 amp breaker problem. I just replaced one 15 amp breaker which was straight forward, and I replaced a 20 amp breaker with
Electrical	reduced neutral feeder for sub panel. I need to run a direct burial 380 ft. to a 200A subpanel for a single family dwelling. It
Electrical	how to wire a four light fixture. my bathroom light fixture has four lights and has two whites and two blacks on each side and 
Electrical	My ceiling fan remote will not work, hampton bay Model #UC7083T?. The Red Light Does Turn On But It Won't Work. I Threw Away Th
Electrical	can a creative brand addapter with a input of 120~60Hz 550mA output 12V~2.9A. Can i conect it to a car amplifier and to my hous
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan - Light Comes On By Itself. Just installed a Hampton Bay ceiling fan with the remote control for the fa
Electrical	How many outlets/lights/rooms/other on one circuit?. I have a house built in the 1890s with the original knob and tubing wiring
Electrical	How to change a light globe on Mercator ceiling fan/light model FC033134. Does anyone know how to change a light globe on the M
Electrical	How to wire a house for baseboard heat?. Hello, I'm brand spanking new to this group. This is my first question here.   I'm swi
Electrical	Installing Hunter 27182 Ceiling Fan and Light Control. I have an existing ceiling fan and light.  The light is controlled by a 
Electrical	Knob and tube (adding a switch and fixture). First let me say hello everyone and second let me tell you all that I am very new 
Electrical	Manual for electrical timer. I would greatly appreciate a copy of the manual for the Garrison timer  Model RCT 100.
Electrical	Hunter fan 3 pull switch. Hello: I have removed the well tec E116997 switch as the chain broke off in the housing. I have Repla
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Fan --- unable to reverse air flow.. I am unable to reverse air flow on my 52 Harbor Breeze Ceiling Fan. It was 
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Parts. I have a Hampton Bay model E81964 56 .  I need a receiver and transmitter which includes revers
Electrical	7051rme. I have a hampton bay ceiling fan/light I installed 10 years ago. The light works, the romote works, but the fan does n
Electrical	Lighting. I am wiring some lighting in a house I have got an upstairs and downstairs circuit, the staircase circuit is run off 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze 52 model BDB52WW5p. Ceiling fan went on sporadically with switch, now wont turn on at all with switch or without.
Electrical	replacing outlets. I have an outlet that has 2 white wires, 2 black wires and 2 red wires. Two set of 3 wires coming into the o
Electrical	60 amp breaker being used for electric stove. The previous owner moved the electric stove to the kitchen island, adding a 60 am
Electrical	Oven from Italy - 230V 3 phase to use in USA. Dear forum members,  I have a dilemma that I need to solve ASAP  Oven specs are: 
Electrical	light box. I have a black wire, white wire, and a red wire coming out of ceiling what is what
Electrical	New Wiring To Exterior Shed - Grounding Help Needed. Hello all.  I have an aboveground pool 125 feet from the panel in the hous
Electrical	How do I wire ceiling light fixture?. I'm trying to install a simple pendent light fixture to the dinning room ceiling and coul
Electrical	Could dampness make a light slow to come on?. Ceiling light with cover shaped like inverted dome.  It has a long life bulb.  Fl
Electrical	electrical questions and answers. I'm putting a new bathroom fan in.  So far I've put 3 fans in and none of them seem to pull t
Electrical	remote shorted out. Want to bypass remote need wire diagrams
Electrical	Hampton bay model number?. Where do I find the model number information on the fan?  Just moved into a rental with 2 non functi
Electrical	four wires. hi i wired a new light scoket with red green white black wires and light switch doesnt work but light comes onand o
Electrical	My 2 bedrooms fans/light stopped working....HELPPPPpppppp. We cant figure out how my 2 downstairs bedroom fans just stopped wor
Electrical	Electrical - No Power to Hall Light. I have hall light that works sometimes and I can't figure out why. The circuit that powers
Electrical	Ceiling Light/Fan Wiring Issue. Hello All,   I have a ceiling light/fan that is not working properly.   These are the wires ava
Electrical	ever heard of a light pull chain switch like this?. I've changed out many pull chain switches but now live in japan.instead of 
Electrical	ceiling fan mdi # ac 552. where is the switch to change the rotation of the blades from winter to summer?
Electrical	electrical questions answers. I have a lighting circuit with no earth, what size earth cable shall I put in please?  Thank you
Electrical	harbor breeze light fan switch. How to install one  fan light switch with two black wiees one green to two outdoors fans,  from
Electrical	Changing an outside light. Two wires coming out of wall  First wire has red & white wire Second wire has red , black & earth  L
Electrical	ceiling fan parts model yu-c52alcf MADE IN CHINA. I been trying to put the fun together but i believe this fan is missing a par
Electrical	Faraday Cage Grounding. Do you have a ground a Faraday Cage *WHEN* the only thing you are trying to protect from is EMP.
Electrical	low voltage landscaping lighting. My question is very general but I need advice on how to start the troubleshotting process  I 
Electrical	What light kits are available for the Palm Beach II ceiling fan?  What size is the co. I am trying to buy a ceiling/fan light c
Electrical	Master breaker tripping every couple of days-no previous issues. I have a condo that I own, and the tenant that just moved in s
Electrical	3 speed hunter ceiling fan and 2 speeds are the same. I have a hunter 3 speed 52 inch/5 blade ceiling fan [can find no model nu
Electrical	outside rcd socket. Should the earth connection for an outside garden rcd socket be derived from a local earth electrode rather
Electrical	everytime i use my outdoor outlets the outlet will not work i have 2. evrytime i use my outdoor outlets i have 2 and they do no
Electrical	hampton ceiling fans. we had a power surge and it blew out our ceiling fan receiver. Where can I purchase a receiver for a Hamp
Electrical	12 volt wiring. I am wiring a strobe light and then an over head light that has it's own on off switch. Can I put them both on 
Electrical	Wiring 3 switches, each controlling a separate light. Where can I find a diagram to show how to wire 3 switches in the same box
Electrical	Bathroom light not working, fan is.. I had a new bathroom put in my basement.  Up until about 3 days ago the light was working,
Electrical	Can I use a dimmer switch for lights as a rheostat on a heat producing element. I have a piece of aluminum with an electrical h
Electrical	ceiling fan sparks (wiring issue). I installed a new ceiling fan in place of an existing light fixture and I installed the wiri
Electrical	Help with 220v 3phase wiring ..... I have a 220v 3phase 4wire air compressor, how do I hook up wires to panel which is 220v 3ph
Electrical	White n black twisted and a red - what goes to what!. Trying to change light fixture in ceiling.  The ceiling has, what appears
Electrical	how do I get a Harbor Breeze Remote Control to work again?. Weird...  we had a power outage today... when the power came back o
Electrical	creating 220v from 2 110v. I have two 30 amp breakers (on separate poles) in my panel with 10-2 wire running to a junction box 
Electrical	My well has a double 50 amp (240 volt) breaker..what is max amps could pull. I am looking to size a generator for my house (eme
Electrical	Wiring identification. I am wanting install an Elektromec Fan motor into my cooker hood. It has six wires coming out :brown/blu
Electrical	lights. Can I install 4 prewired reccesed lights in  a ceiling and have the juntion boxes concealed ? Do I need to ad juntion b
Electrical	100 amp panel for detached shed. What size wire to hookup a 100 amp panel for a detached shed 26 feet from main house 200 amp p
Electrical	electric line spliced in ceiling. I am in the middle of a kitchen remodel.  I've been doing some light electrical work, looking
Electrical	electrical help please. Old slater switch, two screws one on either side, Two black wires & white wire on right side, red wire 
Electrical	More wires from ceiling than have on new ceiling fan. What wires go where?. Purchased a Harbor Breeze Edenton ceiling fan. The 
Electrical	can i splice a baseboard heater in and outlet box instead of a junction box?. Hi, i am currently finishing my basement and deci
Electrical	Wiring recessed lights to 3-way dimmer switches. I'm in remodeling our basement and plan on using 6 Halo recessed lights (12).
Electrical	wiring the fan. I have a black blue white and green wire from the ceiling fan. I have 2 white and 2 black wires coming from the
Electrical	electrical questions answered. Why is my 200 amp service some times reffered to as 200 amp, 240,230, 277?
Electrical	Home Electrical Wiring. I have a circuit in my basement which is out. I have tracked the problem down to one receptacle which h
Electrical	Reduntant fuse boxes. I have a house built in the 50's. The service has been upgraded to 200 amp. On 3 separate lines there is 
Electrical	Circuit won't work, but breaker not tripping. I was helping someone add a light fixture to a circuit. I opened a junction box i
Electrical	how many watts can a 6amp lighting circuit take?. Please, how many lighting outlets should be connected to a 6amp circuit?
Electrical	Ceiling Fan Switch wiring colors.. I am replacing a ceiling fan speed switch, the fan also has a light kit fyi.  The person tha
Electrical	Outlets not working, breaker is known good.. I came home from Christmas vacation and saw my Christmas lights were not lit when 
Electrical	3 wire lighting. I have just removed a ceiling light/fan in the dining room (no dimmer switch) to replace with a Pendant light.
Electrical	electrical cables and connectors. In using 2awg cables (copper). I have connectors rated for al/Cu. Will these end connectors i
Electrical	Electrical outlet in Kitchen. I was vacuuming and heard a pop. The electrical outlet the vacuum was plugged into is mostly blac
Electrical	Electrical entrance cable. We have been adviced by our insurance co.  To replace the electrical entrance cable...  Does anyone 
Electrical	celing fans identifacation. Sn:001586 model:ac.yg177 upc#792145351351 date:12 07 sku#499.470 this is all of the information tha
Electrical	how to wire wall mounted transmitter for ceiling fan remote. I wired the fan to the ceiling box, white to white, black to black
Electrical	walker panel type 103w ,where can I find 20 amp breakers?. what kind of breakers will fit in walker panel(type 103w)
Electrical	shadows occur when light goes around a transparent object but not directly behind the. do shadows occur when light goes around 
Electrical	Pool heater and pump wire?. I recently removed my gas pool heater and plumbed in a heat pump system. The old system ran the poo
Electrical	Number of outlets per circuit. I am finishing my basement.  How many 115 volt duplex receptacles/lighting fixtures can I instal
Electrical	Power requirements for a dishwasher. I'm adding a new dishwasher to an older home. Due to space constraints, it will be a small
Electrical	my shed light keeps blowing seconds after i put it in. I have just had all new wiring threw out my entire house an ran to my sh
Electrical	diagram to connect my ac compressor. need a diagram to connect my ac compressor it has two red wires coming out of the bottom r
Electrical	polarity. What kind of problems would occur if polarity changes? We have had two rooms go out (that are in orig section of hous
Electrical	spt-1 e77975 vw1 18awg. Have one IN WHITE and at the end is a place to screw in one small blub in the small small socket.   Als
Electrical	Hunter fan/light control #99111 problems. I bought 2 of these controls. The package and the instructions both say that it is a 
Electrical	Aux Heat. I will be installing a transfer switch for a 5,000 KW generator for when power fails.. The generator is to small to p
Electrical	replace 4 wire ceiling fan switch. my ceiling fan speed switch has 4 wires. 1 red, 1 blue, and 2 black. Can you give me the ord
Electrical	Changing light bulb in harbor breeze ceiling fan. I just bought a new harbor breeze ceiling fan and the light went out. After f
Electrical	ceiling fan wiring /remote control/with light. I had to replace my remote defective Hampton but with the new receiver, I don't 
Electrical	power in 2 bedrooms went out. The powere in 2 bedrooms when out.  The rest of the house is fine.  Whats the propblem.  The hous
Electrical	how to replace light bulb on hampton bay fan. the light bulb went out on my Hampton Bay Model AC-375 - I noticed the previous s
Electrical	Ceiling light. Have ceiling tube light with red and black wires but can't seem to get it working
Electrical	How to Wire Two Light Switches With 2 lights with One Power Supply diagram. I want to wire 1 way switch, 1 dimmer switch with 2
Electrical	sub panel grounding at a different building. I would like to put a sub panel 800' from the main panel. I have 2 hots and a grou
Electrical	Is it possible to pigtail from power source at fixture to wire two switches. I have a light fixture in my mud room that is curr
Electrical	Stinky light fixtures. For months we have been trying to locate the source of a dead rat smell in our home.  My husband has c
Electrical	I am trying to run a 120v reversible hoist motor w/dual capacitor. using relay switch. The motor has three leadsBrn, Blk, Green
Electrical	Hampton Bay Fan wiring problem. The ceiling fan has 2 wall switches. sometimes the fan comes on with the light switch and will 
Electrical	hunter ceiling fans remote. I have a Hunter Fan Model # 23537-380 commonly known as Brentwood.  It only operates via Remote Con
Electrical	Free Electrical Questions. 200 amp 3 position, 1 position with levered bypass, 125 amp continuous duty. Can I have: Position 1:
Electrical	Remote replacement unit. I have an Exeter mod # 134743 Harbor Breeze ceiling fan with Up/Down  dimmable lights and 3 speed with
Electrical	new light fixture. New fixture has white wire black wire and copper ground wire.  Outlet box has black wire red wire white wire
Electrical	100amp-200amp. I am converting my 100 amp service to 200 amp service I am also putting in a new meter box and water head what s
Electrical	Hampton bay track light installed and not working. Checked light cable and tried new bulbs all show power but lights still don'
Electrical	Free Electrical Answers. I have just placed a fridge on my patio. My problem is the GFI trips. I believe it is when the compres
Electrical	power in 2 bedrooms went out.. power in 2 bedrooms went out. the rest of the house is fine. Checked the breaker. switch. Didnt 
Electrical	satellite dish replacing  prewire cost. I currently live in the Chicago area, bought a condo and had it prewired with the centr
Electrical	Need wiring diagram for Lakewood HV-18-WR window fan. I am a new member and I noticed that SteveJF stated that he had a wiring 
Electrical	Hunter ceiling fan wiring diagram?. I am installing a hunter fan.  Three wires come out of the top of the fan, white, black and
Electrical	Replacement capacitor for a ceiling fan. I need to replace a shorted capacitor on my ceiling fan. I traced it to the 6uf 250v c
Electrical	Lighted rocker switch fades off. I have a lighted rocker switch on my light bar on my tow truck when I switch it on the light o
Electrical	Where can I get a 3-speed, 4-wire switch for Patton PX306. Where can I get a 3-speed, 4-wire switch for Patton PX306 fan?
Electrical	why can't I mount a wall mount only light fixture on the ceiling?. I have several light fixtures, 8 feet by 2.5 inches, brass
Electrical	harbor breeze remote control. We have a Harbor Breeze fan w/remote # FAN-11T.  The remote controls the fan, but the light goes 
Electrical	Re-wiring old house with lathe and plaster walls. I am re-wiring my house(1.5 storey) that is old(1896) and has lathe and plast
Electrical	Hampton Bay fan light not working. The circular flourescent light on my Hampton Bay ceiling fan has failed to come on.  I took 
Electrical	Wire multiple lights on one switch. I have wired a switch at the end of a circuit with three lights . One light turns on and of
Electrical	Breaker trip after being on for a while. Recently the power went out in my detached garage. The breaker continues to trip after
Electrical	Hunter Motor. I have a Hunter Floor fan Model 90171  with a bad starter winding.  There is no repair close by.  Is it feasible 
Electrical	generator problems. I have a 6.5KW Onan Genset gas generator in a fire truck and the generator powers (4) 1,500 watt halogen (2
Electrical	30 amp breaker feeding multiple 15 amp receptacles. There is a 30 amp breaker, I assume with 10 ga., not sure, feeding my refri
Electrical	Ceiling fan wiring. I am installing a ceiling fan (no light, just fan). I am confused by the installation instructions that cam
Electrical	evap cooler. switch 3 wire red blue an black motor 3 wire red blu black how do i wire it up
Electrical	Any Ideas with my wiring problem?. Ok so here's the situation.  Started with two light sockets in my garage ceiling, wanted to 
Electrical	Harbor breeze ceiling fan remote. I was messing with my remote and now everything is not working, no light , no fan. Is there a
Electrical	3 speed, 4 wire ceiling fan pull chain switch replacement. I recently changed the 3 speed 4 wire switch on a ceiling fan as the
Electrical	3 way switch. Hello, I have a question regarding a 3 way switch. On my new construction home, I originally had a single pole sw
Electrical	how do I.... after four years of working perfectly for the first time this summer we turned on the fan (with the remote) the fa
Electrical	rewire garage. I want to rewire a detached garage with knob and tube wiring. The Garage is only three feet from the house. The 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze ceiling fans replacement remote. I think our remote control for our Harbor Breeze ceiling fan/light got accidentl
Electrical	i replaced hampton bay three-speed fan switch, now fan is on high speed or low no off. I replaced a Hampton bay three speed fan
Electrical	why does one outlet inside and one outside quit working. I was running dishwasher inside and a small heater on built in back po
Electrical	how Current Transformer can be nullified. how Current Transformer can be nullified  As the CT is being used by a digital meter 
Electrical	measure amp. How can I measure amps available. My RV park tells me they supply 30 amp service. I doubt it very much as I don't 
Electrical	RV lights dont work but outlets do. I have my 2008 RV pugged into the 30 amp power source, everything works except my lights,aw
Electrical	removing old style ceiling electrical box brace. I have a 1959 house with an old style electrical box brace.  It appears to be 
Electrical	Wiring a 220 volt sprinkler timer. Hi How do I wire an intermatic 220 volt sprinkler timer? Thanks
Electrical	remote controlled ceiling fan stopped working. I have 2 Hunter remote controll ceiling fans in the same large room. One still w
Electrical	Remote got wet - won't work. I'm hoping someone can help with this. I accidently dropped the remote for my ceiling fan into a l
Electrical	is 15 amps enough for a house. I have a house with 3 beds and a living room and dining room. I used 20 amp recepticles in the k
Electrical	200 amp. main panel, fed from the meter. how do a I  Install a 200 amp sub-panel. I have a 200 amp panel, fed from the meter lo
Electrical	free electrical questions and answers. I have an mobile concesstion stand that i have a fridge and freezer pluged in 1 outlet b
Electrical	solar post cap lights. My solar post cap lights will light up with a fully charged battery, but will not shut off until battery
Electrical	What kind of work would it require to add amp (more power) to your home?. What kind of work would it require to add amp (more p
Electrical	Remove the globe from a flush mount ceiling light. There is a domed shaped globe with a metal ring at it's base.  There is no c
Electrical	hunter douglas 3-Speed Fan Switch Diagram. Need to replace fan switch on Hunter Douglas ceiling fan. Housing fell apart before 
Electrical	my hampton bay remote works only for the fan and not the lights?. My question is how to fix the problem with a remote - The Ham
Electrical	Add wire in old house. Wire in house is alum I'm adding a light to a hunter fan and my line is copper on same fixture will thei
Electrical	i have 2 black wires from the ceiling, want to put up a ceiling fan,. There was a light hanging in our living room turned on an
Electrical	208 single phase. Hello,  I have just purchased a plasma cutter and it requires 208/230volt single phase. I only have 240 volt 
Electrical	wiring recessed lights - please help. Ok guys.. I'm going to try and explain this as best as I can.  I'm remodeling the kitchen
Electrical	How do I run a 220v outlet from two 110v breaker switches?. I am a handy man but have never really messed with much electrical 
Electrical	stanley timer instructions28441. how to program
Electrical	wiring harbor breeze ceiling fan with red wire. I have 2 Harbor Breeze ceiling fans, the lights are working but the fans are no
Electrical	Grounding question. Hello, I'm finishing my basement and am at the point where I am running the electric. I've run my wire and 
Electrical	outlet plugs blew?. Breaker blew during storm turned it back on everything came on and back out again. This time when I turn it
Electrical	Outdoor Electrical Wiring. I am currently building a pergola over a concrete slab. I have run electrical wiring (white, black, 
Electrical	Can i use a 500 MCM wire to feed a 4 meters pack?. I have to install a 4 pack meter panel, owner already got it, MY question is
Electrical	Is my configuration up to code?. I have mounted a 200 amp panel in an unfinished block basement. The ceiling is 9 feet high. Th
Electrical	tv wont turn on after power cut. Hi , hope some one knows whats wrong..... I have a Panasonic TX-P42X50B Plasma tv. After a pow
Electrical	Hampton bay ceiling fan/light  model #uc7051r. We just got a hampton bay ceiling fan/light that is used.  The fan works, the ro
Electrical	could a short circuit in your breaker box turn a bunch of lights on?. could a short circuit in your breaker box turn a bunch of
Electrical	how to wire rotary wall phone. Can someone tell me where to attach the black, green, red and white wires to the 3 screws in a 5
Electrical	hampton bay redington iv 52-rdt. I have a Hampton Bay ceiling fan with lights. The model # is 52-RDT. The lights have a socket 
Electrical	electrical. How can i fix the problem with recess can lite. Before i blew the inserlation in it was working fine after i blew i
Electrical	national electric code. Does the National Electrical Code require plug in or hard wired electrical equipment to be UL or ETL ce
Electrical	How to Fix a Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Remote. i drop my control ,will not work now.it is broken need new one. how do i order a n
Electrical	Where can I purchase a Homestead ceiling fan replacement remote control?. My Homestead ceiling fan is 20 years old, but still v
Electrical	Overhead from a 100 amp service panel to a 100 amp subpanel in a garage.. An Electrician friend said I could use #4 copper for 
Electrical	3 white wires, 3 black wires on ceiling:  switching from ceiling fan to light. We are trying to replace a ceiling fan with an o
Electrical	Figuring out electric service. Hi-  I am considering buy a house in CT-  There is what I believe to be a 60 amp bus breaker and
Electrical	I need the diagram of a Whirlpool cooktop fan assembly.. We have replace the light and socket of the cooktop but can't remember
Electrical	hampton bay ceiling fan light switch problem. I have a hampton bay ceiling fan with lights..  The lights just go on and off..  
Electrical	counter top receptacle distance. power panel box distance from floor
Electrical	electrical questions. should a square d sdsa1175 whole house surge arrestor be wired to a 20amp double pole braker or directly 
Electrical	New outlet / service panel with no ground. How to ground a 240v outlet in a service panel with ground bar?
Electrical	Smc ceiling fan parts?. 16 and a half blades brown in color
Electrical	gas furnace wiring diagram for blower motor. I replaced the  blower motor on a Gaffer and Satler gas furnace.  That part was ea
Electrical	Hot tub subpanel. 50 amp gfi keeps tripping  50 amp breaker at panel is good to go. 20 amp Separate breaker in sub panel works 
Electrical	3 prong outlet on 2 wire circuit. In my house I have 2 wire circuits, no bare copper.  If a 3 prong outlet is used, can you jus
Electrical	Do Murray meter load center combination 400 amp (Model # JA3042B1400SC) requires a si. Do Murray meter load center combination 
Electrical	Dsc pc 1832. I am installing a DSC PC 1832 alarm panel the alarm system works normal though the exiting cycle but when the entr
Electrical	european plug to us 220v. I am looking to use a European hair dryer (220v) here in the US.  I can get a 220v line run to the pr
Electrical	hampton bay fan with lights stopped working. The fan was running and when I turned the lights on it all stopped working. There 
Electrical	3 way Junction wiring. This is going to be confusing....  I have a junction box pulling power from the house to a detached gara
Electrical	wiring question. You see a hole in our ceiling where some recessed fluorescent lighting was. One cable is from the switch. The 
Electrical	Ceiling fan replacement. I am replacing a celling fan that is controlled by two switches on the wall (one for the light, one fo
Electrical	Fan Ceiling Wiring 3 Speed Switch. My Hunter fan pull cahin switch must be replaced. The existing switch is linked to a small b
Electrical	dimmers. When i lower a bit the dimmer after 2 mn lights shut off on their own. Why!?
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Ceiling Fans Replacement Parts. my wife pulled the fan chain and it broke inside the speed chain recepticle.I wou
Electrical	ze-268s6 install. wiring diagram for installation of ze-268s6 fan switch
Electrical	Bathroom outlets inop. Have a house and both bathroom outlets have no power to outlets, they are not GFI outlets, house built a
Electrical	Adding Outlet Off Three-Way Switch. Hi there. I'm running into wiring problems with adding an outlet off of a three-way switch.
Electrical	GFI receptacles for grounding. Older house with 2-prong outlets in plastic wiring.  Can you ground these outlets by replacing t
Electrical	Garage  door won't close- no obstructions. Are the senors misaligned if one garage door senor is green and the other one yellow
Electrical	Using the same line for a central a/c unit and a potential hot tub. I currently have a central a/c unit connected to a 220v 60a
Electrical	What's the problem with a loud humming sound that can be heard throughout my home?. First, the clicking sounds can be heard sim
Electrical	My Hunter fan light blinks on and off. My Hunter fan light is blinking on and off. It has pull chains and not a remote. What's 
Electrical	100 Ft Electrical Wire Run?. I need to run a 100 Ft Electical cable from the side of the house to my Shed. andIt will need to b
Electrical	can i add a 100 amp sub panel to a 100 amp panel?. can I add a 100 amp sub panel to a 100 amp main panel?
Electrical	3 light 3 way combo switch. I am trying to replace 3 desbar switches, one is a 3 way switch the other 2 are single device switc
Electrical	add wire type. I have an Excel sheet with different wire type for electrical cables  AFD, ADD, IHB7, ALDS, AGDS  Do you know wh
Electrical	Motion detector. I have a BC8920RW motion detector and I don't know how to activate it, the lights work. But it does not sense 
Electrical	Ceiling fan. Ceiling fan remote will not run the fan at any speed but low, no matter which speed is selected.
Electrical	Using a battery eliminator with led lights. I have two strips of under-cabinet lights in my kitchen. Each strip runs off 3 AA b
Electrical	My rocker light switch does not stay on. My rocker light switch does not stay on. When I push to turn it on, it does not stay t
Electrical	VERY shallow recessed housing in kitchen soffit...help. I have a question.  I am trying to replace an old style square type rec
Electrical	hunter chantilly 23547 ceiling fan light won't work. My hunter chantilly 23547 light worked great for years. I could dim it or 
Electrical	wiring diagram for skyline mobile home. i have a skyline 1992 mobile home.suddenly all the outlets on the one wall in the livin
Electrical	range oven vs toaster oven. Which is cheaper to operate.An oven at 350 degrees running on 240V or a toaster oven at 350 degrees
Electrical	Hampton bay ceiling fan, reverse blade w/ no reverse on remote. I just bought a house and 1 fan is in reverse.  I can't find a 
Electrical	Fluorescent lights fumes and buzzing. We had two twin fluorescent lights with diffuser fitted and two single tubes fitted witho
Electrical	two 220 pumps. I got a 220 well pump and I wanna know If I can Rin another another 220 pump off the same circuit
Electrical	home main breaker panel. Hello,  I was wondering if this electrical service panel on the photo had the amp capacity of 100 amp?
Electrical	model TM1702 switch in upper right corner?. TM 1702 has switch in rt. upper corner with a clock symbol ion left side of switch,
Electrical	Electrical Recepticle. Can I buy a 240 volt, 3 prong, tamper resistant receptacle? If so, where would I find one?
Electrical	Red wire. While installing a Harbor Breeze fan i found a red wire coming out of the ceiling with the other wires. I conected al
Electrical	how to reprogram a hunter fan remote. remote starts fan but wont let it reverse can turn light off and on fan l/m/h and off but
Electrical	I am trying to install a 3 wire welder to a drye outlet. Does the ground wire go toL. I am trying to install a 3 wire welder to
Electrical	Hamilton bay fan light stopped working. The light kit on my Hamilton Bay ceiling fan stopped working after working well for the
Electrical	transformer. Can someone walk me through hooking up a transformer.
Electrical	Hampton Bay Customer Service. how can i get a replacement glass for celing fan E81964
Electrical	Hampton Bay Customer Service. My ceiling fan is now making clicking noises during rotation. Is there something I can do? It wor
Electrical	fitting for power inverter. Does anyone know what the fitting in the picture is called and where to get it? Thanks
Electrical	New light fixture does not work.. Installed a new recessed 6 inch can light fixture and dimmer switch in a room remodel.  Wired
Electrical	troubleshoot water heater breaker. have power from 30 amp breaker but no power at water heater,could this still be a breaker pr
Electrical	Hampton bay ceiling fan light not working with remote control. The remote control for my hampton bay ceilng fan will no longer 
Electrical	harbor breeze fan. Where can I obtain a remote control for a harbor breeze fan (with dip switches)?
Electrical	New York City Fire alarm. Rigid or EMT between Tampa switches over 36 inches
Electrical	hampton fan models. Where can I find the model # for some fans I purchased from home depot on 12/17/2005?  The owners manual sh
Electrical	can I plug track light?. Thanks for the quick answer earlier. Can I connect track light wires to a plug and then plug it in an 
Electrical	how do I connect a track light with 3 wires to a junction box with 7 wires?. The track light has a white wire; black wire; and 
Electrical	Standard Household Amps. How many amps are in a standard household electrical outlet?
Electrical	thermostat reset. how resest  a maple chase thermostat 09500
Electrical	Adding an electrical junction box in room. I have an electrical junction box in my room and a ceiling light is connected to thi
Electrical	Can't Find Junction Box for Pool Light. Hi,  I posted this on my pool forum, but I can use all the help I can get.  While resol
Electrical	Light won't stay on...cuts out after 1 second.. would like to know what the promblem is with my lighting portion of my ceiling 
Electrical	Need help wiring a bathroom fan. I am replacing a bathroom fan. The switch on the wall has three switches that were in use (one
Electrical	harbor breeze fans. Can I get a replacement glass globe for Item No# 0356927 Model # 00811  54 Easy Breezy Fan? How much will 
Electrical	can't find breaker for outside outlet. I have 2 outside GFI outlets that won't reset, I think the outlets are bad. I have tried
Electrical	electrical questions and answers. I have a 5000 watt generator.   Just went through a three day power outage.  Generator was a 
Electrical	Harbor Breeze Remote Control Fan?. Our fan or light will not work with our remote control. We have changed the light bulb and t
Electrical	ceiling fan with remote. i have  afairly new Hunters ceiling fan remote contrl operated ,i turned the light and one of the bulb
Electrical	uc7051r remote question. I have a fan/light combo. The unit will not turn on with the light switch. Only the remote. Is there a
Electrical	after 6 yrs of use my hunter ceiling fan's light fixture isn't working, yes the bulbs. have had hunter ceiling fan for 6yrs and
Electrical	hudson bay ceiling fan light. what causes the light on ceiling fan to only remain on for one second, and then shut off without 
Electrical	hunter fans wiring instructions. I have an older Hunter ceiling fan & light that had a built in remote. I bought a new Hunter r
Electrical	Garage door. Any ideas what could be causing my electric garage door stop few inches after I push on the botton to open it.  TH
Electrical	I have hooked up a ceiling fan with white/black/grren & red wires to existing wiring. I have hooked up a ceiling fan that had w
Electrical	Ceiling light wiring?. I just purchased two ceiling lights at Home Depot and when I got them home I noticed a warning on the bo
Electrical	Wiring new fixture, red,black and white wires. From switch many white wires,wire nutted together, black to switch, red to switc
Electrical	Too big?. I'm doing a remodel and there is a existing 6-2 wire that is not used. Can I use that as the feed for a 20amp branch 
Electrical	Homestead Fans Controls. hello, I am hoping to locate a remote control for a homestead ceiling fan, which has a june 1988 date,
Electrical	installing ceiling fan, but two ground wires from ceiling. I'm replacing an old ceiling fan in my bedroom, In the old one I hav
Electrical	12 volt vs 2 6-volt. I bought a portable depth finder for my boat (LCR400ID) that runs off 2 6-volt batteries. (lantern batteri
Electrical	ask an electrical engineer. Hello!    Quick electrical question about voltage drop:  From the meter which is directly conneced 
Electrical	Ceiling fan. Installing ceiling fan and wall switch.  Do I go from power source to fan to switch or power to fan to switch?
Electrical	Installing a Noma Convection Heater 1000 w. Another question......I want to install a 1000 watt Noma convection heater where my
Electrical	Main 200 amp. installing a 200 amp sub-panel. wire size jumper to connect(2 /100 amp). Installing a 200 amp.sub-pane (type D- H
Electrical	Wiring mobile home 200amp. I have a new mobile home 200amp service and I have built a pedestal and am installing both a meter b
Electrical	briggs and stratton wiring diagram. were can i find a wire diagram for a briggs and stratton lawn mower with model of 281707-04
Electrical	Electrical service. this is my first shot at asking a question. Getting ready to bid on finishing a bedroom in a basement.  I h
Electrical	Light has two black and two white wires and one ground. Light box has one black one white and one ground, I hooked up all the b
Electrical	smc ceiling fan. have a 52 inch 4 blade older  ceiling fan with SMC on the pull chain motor hums but won't run changed the capa
Electrical	who can i ask an electrical question to for free. what does it mean when the electrical outlet is still live when fuses have be
Electrical	LED strip through a remote wireless switch. Electric wiring LED driver with LED strips to a remote control switch?  Remote cont
Electrical	can I wire two 15w floresent tube controlers to run a 30w tube?. Wiring up two florescent lighting controllers to double the wa
Electrical	Ceiling Fan Switch Wiring Diagram. Replacing a light fixture for a ceiling fan.  Junction box at ceiling has 3 separate pieces 
Electrical	light comes on for 10 seconds and then shuts off. ceiling fan, fan works and light comes on but only for a few seconds and then
Electrical	lights and outlets wont work. bedroom 2 outlets and light hallway smoke detector and living room lights and outlets kit light f
Electrical	How can a VDC pulse data signal share the same conductor with AC Voltage?. For some heat pump mini-split systems, the same cond
Electrical	how many amps per wire size. what r the points in amps which require a increase in wire size? aint there somesort of chart?
Electrical	smoke alarm. Smoke alarm keeps chirping even after battery change and resetting. How do I disconnect? can I do it on unit or do
Electrical	wiring a light from another switch. How do I wire a new pull chain light from a preexisting switch for another light? I don't w
Electrical	Service change. If I move my panel 15 ft. From where the meter is, do I need to install a disconnect outside by the meter?
Electrical	New light wiring. Just fitted new lights the new on just have a live and neutral with earth screw  but i had ceiling rose befor
Electrical	What is the difference between a schematic and a wiring diagram?. What is the difference between a schematic and a wiring diagr
Electrical	timer for electric baseboard heater. We have a Great Room that has warm air heating that is supplemented with baseboard heting 
Electrical	what is a flexible whip or nm cable. installing new light over sink. has direct connection, but also has switch on light. will 
Electrical	electrical answers. i have run 2 sockets from a junction box with 2.5 cable,when i plug an appliance into one socket it works,b
Electrical	table lamp won't shut off after being rewired. rewired a lamp and did positive wire to brass and negative to silver but it now 
Electrical	No power. This morning I went to change a bulb from a pot light on the deck, when I pulled down the bulb and cover, there was a
Electrical	I get 120 volts by touching the ground and the black wire, nothing with the white.. When I check one electrical box in my house
Electrical	how to wire 3 light switches with one power supply. i got a bathroom fan/light/night light and want to run 3 switches it has 1 
Electrical	electrical questions answered free online. Hi, I live in an 8 year old builder home and have a question about running an old sc
Electrical	What is the total power consumed (in watts) of a 220vac  motor. What is the total power consumed (in watts) of a 220vac  well p
Electrical	Electric Baseboard Timer. I Wish To Install A Mechanical Timer In An Existing Electric Baseboard Heating System. What Would I U
Electrical	what size wire for 60 amp @75 ft. wire size 60 amp @75ft
Electrical	15 Hp 3 Phase Motor is a triple 50 big enough breaker5. 15 hp on a large swimming pool is triple 50 big enough it is hot at the
Electrical	Inverter installation on work truck. Hi guys!  I have a 3500W/7500W (peak) inverter I want to install on my truck.  With my spe
Electrical	New 68 Hampton fan runs slow. Hampton Bay Altura runs slow, even on high speed.  I suspect the motor is running perfect, just 
Electrical	outlets to circuit ratio. So I'm wondering how to determine the number of standard outlets a single circuit should be able to h
Electrical	70 amp 2 pole subpanel. Hi, I'm looked  70 amp Homelite subpanel with 2-spaces-- so 2 20-amp breakers or 1 20-amp breaker and s
Electrical	12/3 on half switch outlet. Can I use 12/3 to run half switch outlet. I have 12/2 run to my bedroom from my panel(arc-fault bre
Electrical	halsey ceiling fan. remote control UC-7040 does not work. How possible to recognize what is not working remote or the fan?
Electrical	Light flickering.. I have problem with lights. There are flickering. I thought that is the problem with breaker(all lights on t
Electrical	e75795 modelac552. I need to get my ceiling fan rewired and a new capacitor and switch  any help
Electrical	Wiring to a heating element. Hi -  First time to the website and appreciate any assistance that someone might be able to offer.
Electrical	Hunter Fan not working - brand new fan with remote. We just purchased a Type 2 Highbury Hunter fan from Home Depot.  It comes w
Electrical	New GFCI Keeps tripping. I have just installed a new Siemens single pole 20A GCFC to wire my basement workshop.    The receptac
Electrical	Installing a 30 amp load center in an enclosed trailer. Hooking up a 30 amp load center box in an enclosed trailer. will have a
Electrical	convert gas to electric. i have a travel trailer 1997 terry park  i was told it has a switch somewhere to convert gas over to e
Electrical	electrical circuit breakers. I replaced an electrical circuit breaker in the electrical box after it would not stay on.  It wou
Electrical	three lights switched w/ 14 wire. I have @ 12 wire from panel to box in attic, from that box. 1    12 wire to a 4 gang & a sing
Electrical	2 switches, 2 lights, 1 power. I have wiring in place for 2 switches, 2 lights with 1 power source going to one of the lights a
Electrical	wiring water wells 220V - 40A - 400ft. How could I extend wiring from the subpanel to the water well 400ft away? The subpanel i
Electrical	1050 sqft house all electric . Is 100amp enough if converting garage into master&bath. 1050sqft house is currently running on 1
Electrical	grounding wire questions. i need to run a ground wire for my inverter - the ground wire will run over a couple of floor joists.
Electrical	110v hard wired in a 220v Country (Uruguay). Can I hard wire a 110v chandelier in a country (Uruguay) that runs 220v???  Can I 
Electrical	fluorescent light problem.... I have a fluorescent light fixture from an old coke machine that will not start.  New bulb, new s
Electrical	problem with shocking of appliances. In my kitchen I have a double plug. In plug 1 is my samsung double door fridge and freezer
Electrical	fried gfi. One of the GFIs in my kitchen is fried and the 3 connected outlets also do not work. The only time I use the outlets
Electrical	Remote won't work when fan gets hot. Using the remote, Can not change speed or turn light on after fan has run for awhile
Electrical	ceiling fan/light - adding dimmer/remote. I just put up a light/fan combo in our master bedroom. It's 14/2 wiring going to one 
Electrical	how to connect wires for bathroom light and extractor fan. i am replacing new ceiling light in bathroom there is also extractor
Electrical	swimming pool light shocks me. I feel a tingling around my pool light. I shut off the breaker but still feel it.
Electrical	Timers / for the Off Hours...... I've had 2 Timers so far for Our Backyard Pool...A Home Hardware special Plastic Housing with 
Electrical	Hunter fan model 20717 Avignon power wiring. Ceiling has 1 black hot wire 1 white neutral and 1 green            ground wire. H
Electrical	We just got a omnia leather power recliner sofa and chair. When we use the reclining. One of our  b&w speakers has popping soun
Electrical	hampton bay fan blades. We need replacement fan blades for outside fans.  The metal part that you attach the blades to has scre
Electrical	I have about 7 Redington 111 fans  & 1 broken remote. How can I keep the fan with the broken remote and make it work ? Can I bu
Electrical	garage subpanel. looking to wire up a subpanel in my detached garage.  here are the specs and my thoughts---  main service pane
Electrical	Wiring connection to ceiling light. The ceiling has one white and one orange wire. My new light fixture has black white yellow 
Electrical	How much should an gfi outlet cost to install. What is the average cost to install a gfi outlet in a bathroom with it's own lin
Electrical	can i replace a fat 15 amp breaker with a skinny 15 amp breaker. I have a Siemens I-T-E panel and need to make room for a doubl
Electrical	changing 30 amp to 20 amp. Will a single pole 20 amp breaker be ok for refrigerator and microhood? If so, I have to switch the 
Electrical	How many (ac)smoke alarms are required in a 3 bedrm home,approx 1000 sqft. doing a rewire for the city of Phx,job requires to 
Electrical	harbor breeze outdoor cieling fan. I have  model BTW52TW5CR. its about 5/6 years old I need to purchase another one. Do they st
Electrical	ceiling fan replacement parts. I need the bracket that mounts to the fan to the ceiling. The brand name I do not know but the S
Electrical	i want to wire two lights at each end of two 3way switches. power source coming to light then down to 3way switch from there to
Electrical	Can a 20 amp fuse be use on 14 gauge knob & tube wire for airconditioner?. Can a 20 amp fuse be use on 14 gauge knob & tube wir
Electrical	hunter ceiling fan light. the light fixture on my ceiling is not working, yes the bulbs are good
Electrical	How to measure Danfoss water pressure sensors & switches with a multimeter?. I am always confused whenever there is a chance to
Electrical	Why does the power go out so much in Accra, Ghana and stay off for so long. I would like to know why in Accra, Ghana the power 
Electrical	Wiring Under Cabinet Lights. We are doing some remodeling in our kitchen and since the cabinets and the backsplash are gone we 
Electrical	BX and Romex. By code, can BX and Romex be used in can box?  Chuck
Electrical	Rhine Fluorescent FHD 40 EL 40W. How do you change a Fluorescent two ring light bulb from ceiling Fan?  Cannot detach ballast w
Electrical	Why is a neutral wire Hot when it is disconnected from the neutral bar.. I have a new circuit for ground faul circuit interrupt
Electrical	Power outlet works for certain appliances but not for others.. Tonight I was unplugging and plugging stuff back into one of the
Electrical	outdoor weatherproof cover. I am trying to replace a cover that is near our pool in fear that the existing one might hurt on of
Electrical	Bulbs. What is the difference between day lite bulbs 850 and grow lites? My wife wants to start her garden seedlings . I have d
Electrical	ceiling light change switch not working. I have replaced a ceiling light fixture.  White wire, black wire and grounding.  Comin
Electrical	Hampton Bay Customer Service. Light Fixture in Fan/Light died I have had my Hampton BaymFan/Light up for over 9 months.  The li
Electrical	power use indicator. I have an intermediate pump in a tank between a septic tank and an elevated septic field. The pump is very
Electrical	grounding wire. i want to install can lighting in basement my house has conduit  i am using romex  i and going to us the old li
Electrical	cost of new electric service into house? 200 amp. cost for replacement of electric meter and cable into the box?
Electrical	3 Way Switch Issues. Hello,  I've been struggling with the logic on the linked schematic for some time. I have two open electri
Electrical	Bathroom Vanity Light w/ built-in receptacle/outlet. Does anyone know where I can purchase a bathroom vanity light bar or fixtu
Electrical	national electrical safety code questions. 5 ma rule at 120 deg f
Electrical	I have no power in my garage.. I was using my central vac and I tripped the breaker for the garage went to turn it back on but 
Electrical	2 switches control my one hall light. One flips the light on the other trips the bre?. 2 switches control my one hall light. Wh
Electrical	Hot tub breaker. I have read some antiquated and interesting posts:)  I am attaching a 50 amp Seimens disconnect panel for a ne
Electrical	GFI or something else. Ok, my garage door has been acting up.  I've tried to reset my GFI that is in garage to no avail.  My dr
Electrical	Hampton Bay Solar Lights. where can I buy the glass component for the solar deck lights model number 711043
Electrical	Husband was going to fix fan from wobbling and now light works but fan doesn't. My husband was going to fix our ceiling fan fro
Electrical	Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan Remote Control. I have a Hampton Bay Ceiling Fan with remote. Model UC7030T.  I am having trouble with 
Electrical	How to change 200amp service to a 400amp service for a house?. Yes I'm adding a shop in my yard and the power co said they coul
Electrical	Multiple lights/switches on single circuit.. Remodeling one level of a split. Gutted area and reconfigured the rooms.  As a res
Electrical	craftmade ceiling fan light kit installation. I have a Craftmade ceiling fan with light.  The bulb in the light fixture has jus
Electrical	Leviton 6 outlet Converter. This has six outlet, you plug it into a existing outlet.  Only 5 outlets work.  But is it the  Levi
Electrical	well pump. Hi, i bought a wellpump, but by accident i got a 240v 3 wire, it cannot be connected to a 240 v circuit 2-wire?
Electrical	Garage Door Opener / Entry pad. I bought a new craftsman garage door opener and it didn't come with the keypad entry (outside).
Electrical	meatering the electric draw. lets say, if i have 3 of the same phase hot wires all spliced together to a load, which one of the
Electrical	1750 watts to amps. looking at heated flooring...not sure what to buy as far as watts.....what is the difference between 1750 w
Electrical	all of the light on a single braker bling, why. why are the lights connected to one braker blinking at the same time
Flooring	porcelain vs. travertine. I am remodeling my kitchen and was planning to use a travertine, but found a  porcelain tile that was
Flooring	subflooring/underlayment. QUESTION: For installing a 3/4 ply subfloor over concrete in order to nail down a solid wood.   Is it
Flooring	installing marble tiles. I've used levelcrete before and it has a tendency to run to the lowest point, which is good in some si
Flooring	staples vs cleats for bamboo flooring. Hello, Bryan. Â What are the advantages or disadvantages of staples vs cleats? The bamboo
Flooring	Teragren or Adura for a kitchen. How would you rate and what would you recommend for a kitchen floor? Â We like ceramic/porcelai
Flooring	DIY Floating Installation Mistake. My husband and I have almost finished installing most of our engineered floating HW floor on
Flooring	flooring. I recently purchased a 30 yr old home. For the most part it is updated in many ways. Granite, ceramic flooring, built
Flooring	Floor Tile Installation Standards. We just had our floor tiling replaced by the builder after 7 years due to grout cracking and
Flooring	tile floor and moisture. My house built in 1972 is on a concrete slab, and may be situated on top of or in the vicinity of an u
Flooring	area rugs on wood laminate flooing. Hi John I recently had wood laminate flooring installed in my kitchen and I would like to p
Flooring	Flooring Types. I am building a new construction home in South Louisiana. Â I am trying to decide on what type of flooring I wil
Flooring	hard wood floor. I bought hardwood flooring for the bathroom. Â The sub floor is pressed wood-I was told this would have to be t
Flooring	Tile. have tile in kitchen , grout is continously comming loose Â around tile and yet tile it self is not loose! even with a sea
Flooring	Terrazzo Floring. We have a Clubhouse with I believe Terrazo floors with the quartz flecks in it built in 1960-61 in mid- inlan
Flooring	berber carpet installation. Hello,  We are trying to install a cross stitch berber carpet however the rows are not running stra
Flooring	Shower stall rebuild/ tile. Hi Jim, I am remodeling a bath and wondering if the rubber membrane goes right on the sub floor the
Flooring	Mohawk everstrand substituted for smartstrand. We just finished having our home re-carpeted and repainted as a result of a wate
Flooring	Granite Tile. I would like to do granite tiles for my counter top as a cheaper alternative to granite slab. Is there anything s
Flooring	existing ceramic tile floor. I have an existing ceramic tile floor. I want to put down vinyl flooring. I have a dillema. the ba
Flooring	Porcelain  Tile. Hi Perry,  We are considering doing our kitchen floor, 300 sq. ft., with an Italian Porcelain 13x13 tile. The 
Flooring	My husband and I just recently.... My husband and I just recently had sheet vinyl installed in our  kitchen (Mannington African
Flooring	Removing Thin-set from loose floor tiles. Our ceramic tile is releasing from our concrete slab floor. Â The thin-set is  stuck t
Flooring	old grout- replacing. I have an old house with old crackled ceramic tiles on the walls. Â The grout is coming out in many places
Flooring	Staining or painting a stone tile floor. Stone Tile Â Stone Tile Â  Hello. Â We have a home about 9 years old. Â In the kitchen are
Flooring	laminate glued down. I remember when laminate first came out it was glued down, but everyone is saying I'm crazy, am I?????????
Flooring	floor grout vs caulk. We had porcelain tile laid in our bathroom. They left a gap around the walls without grout and the basebo
Flooring	Exterior door adjustment during hardwood installation. I am having solid 3/4 oak plank installed in my front hall. When the re
Flooring	Carpet to Carpet. QUESTION: I am remodeling and I would like to put a new carpet over an old one that will not come up. I canno
Flooring	mobile home floors and cat urine ordor. We reside in a 70's model mobile home. In one of the bedrooms, the carpeting has been f
Flooring	PET carpet issues. Hello - my mom just installed some carpet in a finished room in her basement. Â It looks great but as soon as
Flooring	carpet seam coming apart. I saw your answer to another on my same question. The seam is coming apart on my just a little over o
Flooring	tiles and plaster/cement. Dear Sir,  I am little concerned - though possibly paranoid as result of a home research on the inter
Flooring	Travertine. Perry,  I am considering Travertine to replace tile I currently have in my Shower area (walls and floor). I hate th
Flooring	Den flooring. I'm 70 years old, living alone and have a tweed color berber wall to wall carpet in a 11x9 den. It is a multi-use
Flooring	Ceramic Tile Removal. Can you tell me the name of the liquid adhesive used to remove the old glue after removable of the tile. 
Flooring	Tile Setting. Hi,  I am remodeling the bathroom and buying a very expensive porcelain tile. How should the tile guy set the til
Flooring	Cure time.. I have poured 2 to 3s of portland cement over an existing concrete interior floor. I would like to know when can I
Flooring	Indoor/outdoor carpet subfloor. I'm fixing up my screened in porch and part of this involves replacing the floor. I'm putting d
Flooring	Laminate Floor and moisture. QUESTION: 9 months ago we had a laminate floor installed. They used thin set and moisture barrier 
Flooring	Traviertine with Dogs. Hi: I really love those 18 X 18 Travertine tiles, Been thinking of them to do my kitchen and dining ro
Flooring	vinegar on marble. Is there anyway for me to repair a section of polished marble where some vinegar was spilled? Â $750 is the p
Flooring	Basment Finishing. QUESTION: John,  I appreicate your help and expertise.  I live in a new home that had some water problems in
Flooring	kitchen remodel. We Â finally decided to take the giant leap and remodel our kitchen. I am confused about which material is most
Flooring	clean/strip/seal interior brick floor. After home reno project our 8' wide 38' long interior brick hallway has ground in grunge
Flooring	carpet panels. i recently finished (a week ago) installing carpet panels (24x24) by milliken. Â these have no glue or peel off
Flooring	Installing large travertine tiles upstairs. I am installing large travertine tiles to replace my carpeting in my upstairs maste
Flooring	laminate flooring installer selection. Hi there, I am thinking about purchasing some Allen & Roth snaplock laminate flooring fr
Flooring	flooring adhesive. I had a chlorine chloride? test done and failed with numbers avg 5.2. I was advised to use Bostik Best adhes
Flooring	vinyl plank flooring. what kind of glue do you recommend for vinyl plank tile? they call for novalis glue or henry 422. lowes o
Flooring	Tile shower and floor. We just had a ceramic tile and glass tile shower and bathroom floor installed. We chose white tiles with
Flooring	tiling. thank you, Jim. I forgot to ask, he did not seal grout! I know enough that it needs to be sealed or stains and moisture
Flooring	Brick Flooring - Mineral Deposits?. We purchased a home with brick floors that were refinished (grout lines and brick) a couple
Flooring	Laminate Flooring. We are looking to do our own demo on some laminate flooring put down almost 10 years ago. Â We are pretty sur
Flooring	S cueve hardwood tile. QUESTION: Hi, We are installing Anderson engineered hardwood with an S curve to transtion between my den
Flooring	Plywood Floors. We are putting down plywood flooring. Â My husband has set them in so that the  space between them are pretty cl
Flooring	Berber carpet. Hi Jim, Â   We were shopping for a carpet for our family/recreation room. I choose berber for its high durability
Flooring	Traveltine Flooring. Hello, I recently had traveltine flooring done. I chose to butt eachother tile. as a result it came out wi
Flooring	high traffic area. our kitchen has lg tile (which IS VERY COLD)& carpet that has 1 step down to the formal room and hang a righ
Flooring	grout dried too light. We recently had glass tile installed in our kitchen backsplash. Â We chose a grout colour called raven an
Flooring	Mud to Underlayment transition. I'm in the process of tiling an entryway and hallway to match them to a dining and kitchen area
Flooring	How to proceed with marble installation. I am in the process of laying honed travertine in my home. Â All the floors are concret
Flooring	hardibacker installation. I have been told that to ensure a good surface to install tile over that I want to put down 2 layers 
Flooring	slate sealer. I have just had a new honey tan slate installed throughout the house, including the shower base in the bathroom
Flooring	Hardwood on concrete slab. QUESTION: Hello Chris - thanks for your time. Some back ground; my slab is over three years old, abo
Flooring	ambient air. Hi, I am actually a student doing a report on flooring business. I was wondering if you could tell me what you kno
Flooring	rug repair. The edge of my living room rug borders a long tile hallway. The rug was originally glued down. It is now pulling aw
Flooring	Marble Backsplash. I have a stupid question. I am wanting to use marble stone tile 3 inches by 6 inches in my kitchen. My quest
Flooring	Installing 5 inch wide Hard wood. QUESTION: I am installing 5 inch wide Hard Wood in my house (1600sf). Â I am getting conflicti
Flooring	mexican tile in kitchen and under cabinets. how easy or hard is it to remove the mexican tiles in my kitchen and be able to use
Flooring	design-carpets. I have one large room, dining room, living room - wood floors and wish to  purchase area rugs/carpets for both.
Flooring	mobilehome / tile / hardi / particle board. Its to my understanding that its not good to install tile in a mobile home do to th
Flooring	coordinating wood with cabinets. Hi, I have recently installed maple cabinets with granite countertops and want to put hardwood
Flooring	ceramic tile. Our front door entry puts one right into our living room (there is no foyer). Â We have a very small section of vi
Flooring	ceramic floor tile installation. It was reccommended by the representative at the Home Improvement Center that I use a Multi Pu
Flooring	carpeting a basement. Hi Chris.  As we are finishing my basement, I am preparing the concrete floor for carpeting. Â We have had
Flooring	How to correct grout selection error?. My wife wanted white tile in our 1950's era bathroom with subway tiles on the wall. She 
Flooring	Carpet and upholstery cleaning. Can you tell me what the difference is between professional carpet cleaning done with shampoos 
Flooring	carpet Glue. Is is necessary to remove old carpet glue before putting down self leveling cement to put down a heated ceramic ti
Flooring	brick floor needs refinishing. Hi Bill, We have lived in our house for 10 years and the brick floors laid by the previous owner
Flooring	laying hard wood flooring. I am having hard wood flooring installed from the foyer, through the dining room, living room, maste
Flooring	hardwood floor buckling. I have a 30 year old wooden floor that has severely buckled. Any guesses as to why this happened and w
Flooring	porcelain tile on existing wooden deck. I have read through a few threads about this topic on here and although I understand th
Flooring	Travertine Tile Lay out. We are in the process of laying out our game room with a Travertine non filled, chiseled edge Versaill
Flooring	Black slate showing signs of wear. I'm noticing some areas in my black slate floor that are showing fine scrathes which appear 
Flooring	floor tile instalation. My floor that I want to put ceramic tile on is concrete with those old asbestos tiles glued down with t
Flooring	flooring. dear sir,  i am constructing a new house and is stuck between choosing different options available for flooring. i ha
Flooring	residential vct sealer. Having vct installed in our home. With what should we seal it?  How soon after install can we do it? Do
Flooring	porcelain tile. what is the difference between laying ceramin and porcelain tile on cement? any special thinset or grout? they 
Flooring	Removing Vinyl Tile from a Hardwood Floor. Thanks for the info, Mr. Perea. Â Because we have more time than money :-), we'll jus
Flooring	marble care. My son and daughter-in-law purchased a beautiful marbletop table that they have been using on their outdoor patio 
Flooring	kanga backed carpeting. In 2010 you gave a customer a comparison of kanga(cushion bonded)backed carpeting compared to conventio
Flooring	Laminite versus carpet. In general what is the percentage of carpet installed versus laminate flooring? Jim
Flooring	Insulation 1950s Apartment building floor. Hi,  I have an unusual problem! Â Hope you can give me some GREAT advice! Â I've lived
Flooring	mexican saltillo tiles stains  and wax or sealer. hoe do i strip and what is aromatic solvent?it is a very Â large kitchen.
Flooring	Different Floor Stains, Same space. stairs Â  QUESTION: My home has nice oak flooring done in a light finish with darker golden 
Flooring	laying wooden flooring. Is it necessary to remove existing skirting board when laying a wooden floor
Flooring	Vinly Flooring. QUESTION: We are thinking of changing the vinyl floor in the bathroom and the laundry  room because of some sta
Flooring	transition between tile and concrete floor. Hi,  I am a designer with a question I can't seem to find a product for. Â We are sp
Flooring	Self-Leveling Concrete Recipe. Hola Justin,  I shot a question to a supposedly extraordinary concrete expert on this forum and 
Flooring	Can VCT tiles be painted?. Our church has had VCT tiles for over 20 years, but about 10 years ago, carpet was glued down over t
Flooring	Laminate Floor Problem. I installed a laminate floor in March. I let the product sit in the room for about 2 weeks before insta
Flooring	Acclimating Max Windsor Engineered Flooring. Hi John  I have installed Max Windsor Maple flooring throughout my home. Â Initiall
Flooring	cracks in ceramic tile flooring. I have several cracked ceramic tiles on my kitchen floor. I purchased the home about 14 months
Flooring	exterior satillo tile. I just gave two coats of Jasco sealer and the result is a very cloudy surface when dry. Â It had rained h
Flooring	Tile Adhesive not setting up. We recently had a tile floor installed in our office. Â The  tile was laid two weeks ago and if yo
Flooring	Tumbled Travertine laid with Acrylpro. Recently, a so-called friend of mine offered to lay some tumbled, honed travertine til
Flooring	Removing oil based sealed from etched stained concrete indoors. I recently stained concrete and applied an oil based sealer. Af
Flooring	Contractor improperly removed asbestos tiles. My wife and I just bought our first home two months ago. Â The finished basement w
Flooring	Tile & Marble installation. We are building a new home and considering tile and/or marble for the master bathroom floor and eit
Flooring	Tile over concrete. Hi Dave, I have a question regarding installing tile over a concrete slab in my basement. I have sanded the
Flooring	tile not sticking to slab. I have installed 18 ceramic tile over an older slab that previously had vinyl tile that was glued d
Flooring	flooring. QUESTION: Renovating home and adding space. Â Want to go green and be durable/cost-effective. Â Have two young (two-y
Flooring	oldfashioned basket weave dance floor. Hi. I want to construct a basket weave dance floor of about 8x8m.  I was thinking of neo
Flooring	below grade flooring. QUESTION: We have a Â finished basement that I would like to turn into a great room with a TV and a guest 
Flooring	Travertine Kitchen Floor. Hi, I am putting in a new kitchen in my home and thought about putting travertine on the floor. Â Some
Flooring	travertine floor pitting. We recently,6months ago,installed a travertine floor for a customer and now the floor is pitting.By p
Flooring	linoleum flooring. I have an armstrong linoleum kitchen floor cover. I intend to install OVER this existing linoleum floor with
Flooring	Asbestos floor tiles... What to do?. My Master Bedroom has late 70's Asbestos tiles.  Most are in fine shape and stuck down lik
Flooring	Tile Flooring. Hi Patrick,   We are considering doing our kitchen floor, 300 sq. ft., with an Italian Porcelain 13x13 tile. The
Flooring	Engineered wood over asbestos. When you enter the house there is asbestos tile on the entire first floor. It leads to the base 
Flooring	floor preparation for marble floor. We have purchased 1,000+ sf of marble tile for approximately 850 sqft of floor. The area in
Flooring	Carpet transitions. I am repairing a floor in a double wide trailer house and have finished it and the carpet people have restr
Flooring	marble tile grout flaking. We purchased a new townhouse within the last year and the grout has been flaking and coming out to r
Flooring	carpeting over hardwood floor. QUESTION: Hi,  My second floor's hardwood floor is 1st floor's celining which generates much dus
Flooring	Grout Cleaner. My tile is 3 years old. The grout is FILTHY because it was never sealed. The tile is a more porous (not slick-fi
Flooring	Steps to lacquering my kitchen cabinet doors?. Looking to add that super high gloss look.  Already have two month old cabinets 
Flooring	cleaning Brazilian cherry floor. I want to prep a home for sale that has about 2500 sq ft of wood flooring. Â The house is only 
Flooring	Hardwood Flooring At Bathtub. Bathtub base Hello,  I would like to install a floating hardwood floor in my bathroom. Â On proble
Flooring	Floor patch removal. When my laminate floor was installed a moisture barrier was not added to the concrete and moisture came up
Flooring	Boat carpet. I am buying a boat that has grey commercial looking carpet it is not in bad condition but I wondered would it caus
Flooring	commercial tile floor. My commercial tile floor has lost its shine. I had this floor about 4 years. I stripped and waxed it onc
Flooring	Trafficmaster Allure Resilient Vinyl Flooring. Hi Chris, I am going to lay this flooring in my family room which is connected t
Flooring	flagstone. we placed flagstone flooring and used sanded grout. Â we wiped the stone with plain water and sponge to remove excess
Flooring	decreasing sound transmission. We live in a two-story house and are considering putting ceramic or stone tile throughout the up
Flooring	marble Tile. We purchased marble tile for out bathroom floor and shower. Â We were told to pre seal each tile with a tile and gr
Flooring	Durarock install without thinset. QUESTION: Hello, Â   I have Advantech flooring that is pretty level, save for a couple joints 
Flooring	Pre-grout sealing of limestone. Jim: We are putting limestone (tumbled marble) tile as a kitchen backsplash and know we have to
Flooring	Green onyx 12x12 tiles with webbing on the back?. I also send this question to Jim,  I'm having 12x12 green Onyx tiles installe
Flooring	removing glue from hardwood flooring. Our contractor glued hardwood flooring onto our cement floor in our basement. Â He used so
Flooring	Travertine Tle. I am installing 12 X 12 honed travertine tile in a bathroom. Plan on renting a  wet saw from Home Depot. Do I
Flooring	Installing Flooring over Flooring. Hi, I was wondering if it's a good idea to install new flooring over existing flooring, with
Flooring	uneven floor, ceramic tile install. I am putting a half bath into my basement on concrete slab. Â I have scarred and poured two 
Flooring	saltillo tile refinishing. I have a presealed saltillo tile floor (from Mexico)throughout my house that was installed about 11 
Flooring	chicago brick sealing mishap. white chicago brick dr Good afternoon, Bill.  i have an issue. i live in miami beach and have a t
Flooring	MARBLE FLOOR IN SHOWER GROUT PROBLEM. QUESTION: Hi, Thanks for volunteering. We have an enclosed shower with marble from floor 
Flooring	travertine & polyurethane. QUESTION: I had honed travertine installed in my bathroom. The tile installer used a stone sealer. 
Flooring	Saltilloo Floor tile that has water damage. We purchased a home with Saltillo floor tile about 5 years ago, all the floors in t
Flooring	porcelain tile thickness variations. I have found a porcelain tile at the local DIY hardware store that is half the price of ot
Flooring	chronic cracking grout!!. we just reinstalled new grout on our ceramic tile floor last night. Â the first time we installed the 
Flooring	Shaw/Tuftex Carpet. I am considering purchasing carpeting which is Tuftex by Shaw. Â It is nylon and  has the SoftBac backing. Â 
Flooring	floor leveling for wood laminate. we are trying to avoid doing the self leveler on our concrete subfloor as half of  the room i
Flooring	LFT... bobs Can lippage occur days after the tiles are laid? I installed 800 feet of 24x24 polished porcilin tile, I have been 
Flooring	glue down hardwood floors. I guess we need to know about the 3/8 inch solid flooring, because it we buy the engineered flooring
Flooring	Floors for Summer Camp. QUESTION: I am donating new floors to a non-profit summer camp. Â Budget is definitely  a factor. Â I am 
Flooring	flooring. what type of flooring could be installed over kitchen carpet which is glued down to asbestos tile which is glued do
Flooring	Which carpet should I buy?. I have narrowed down my carpet choices to a Karastan BCF Nylon with scotchgard protector and a Moha
Flooring	Den Floor.... I purchased a house a little over two years ago. I had to get the guy I bought the house from to repair around th
Flooring	moisture in subfloor. We are building a new 1-story office building for ourselves and the builder used a 3/4 tongue & groove p
Flooring	Water behind tiles. We just had our shower completely re-tiled. Â The tiles we picked for the walls is a light beige polished su
Flooring	installing laminate flooring over cement slab. We would like to put a laminate wood floor over our existing kitchen floor. Â Rig
Flooring	Tile over granite. I have a full granite backsplash and would like to install decorative tile over the portion behind the cookt
Flooring	Matching edges. Perry,  I have a 20 year old home with Bruce engineered hardwood floors. Â In the family room, we have a carpet 
Flooring	Carpet identification. basement carpet Hi Chris, I would like to identify the carpet that will be replaced due to sewer backup,
Flooring	RE;  Bathroom floor. We are putting a new tile floor in our bathroom. Â We have removed the underlayment and subfloor and are re
Flooring	Leveling a floor before carpeting. How do you level a floor with compound that is off by over an inch? Â I am moving to an apart
Flooring	Laminate flooring. QUESTION: Hello John, WE had a hot water tank leak while we were on holidays July 2010. Â A restoration contr
Flooring	grouting marble mosaic. We recently installed marble mosaic tile. Â The tiles are a combination of textures in various hues of w
Flooring	Installing ceramic or stone tile over concrete. I have an enclosed contrete patio. Â I have heard about using Ditra before layin
Flooring	porcelain tile install / prep. We are planning to install 18x18 porcelain tile already purchased in several rooms throughout ou
Flooring	grout and tile. I just finished tiling my shower; however, I screwed up b/c at the bottom I have about a half inch gap between 
Flooring	Hardwood reconditioning. I recently bought a house with hardwood floors (unsealed, I think). Â They're in generally good conditi
Flooring	grouting. I just finished tiling my shower; however, I screwed up b/c at the bottom I have about a half inch gap between the tu
Flooring	Have you heard this one?. Jim,  So have you heard this one?  I had my carpet taken up, because the loose fibers problem.  Well 
Flooring	carpet. I recently had a burst pipe from the bathroom that flooded the bedroom. There is brand new carpeting in the bedroom tha
Flooring	Travertine not level. QUESTION: We just had travertine installed in our kitchen and bathroom. Â It was done over a concrete floo
Flooring	engineered bamboo. QUESTION: Hi, I have just purchased engineered bamboo - 5/8 . I have a 12 year old house - solid base sub f
Flooring	Sisal Carpet Backing. I removed a sisal carpet from my hardwood floor after 8 years. Â The latex backing crumbled and some of it
Flooring	standard vinyl composition tile. i work in a hospital and just got new flooring. we have not had to time or ability to strip an
Flooring	Onyx in steam shower. Hi, We are contemplating putting onyx in the steam shower of a custom home we are building. Â It will be u
Flooring	Subfloor preparation for Marble Tiles. QUESTION: Hello, I'm re-finishing my bathroom and I have removed the old 4x4 ceremic til
Flooring	Travertine Fireplace. Perry, I am about to have 12x12 travertine tiles installed on my hearth and fireplace. I had planned on h
Flooring	Glass mosaic tiles for bathroom floor. I am renovating a bathroom and thinking about using glass mosaic tile (1x1  or 3/4x3/
Flooring	Grout Cracked Around Window in Shower. Perry,  My Dad recently installed a new tile shower in my bathroom. Â He also installed a
Flooring	Tiling Screened Porch. I have an elevated screened porch with decking flooring. The screened porch is between 2 extended bay ar
Flooring	re-grouting a shower floor. Hello Jim, My Parents have an old shower floor that has had two grout lines caulked in the past. Â C
Flooring	carpet on stairs. The carpet I have put on the stairs will have to match the carpet in the living room. Can I change carpet col
Flooring	Tile floor leveling. I have hired a company to install 18 x 18 porcelain tiles on a concrete slab  floor. We have requested t
Flooring	Saltillo Grout. My saltillo tile has very wide grout lines (some areas over 1 wide) in a black/gray/dirty looking color. Â I'd 
Flooring	wood floor finish. We have red oak 3/3  hardwood floors that have been sanded and refinished once already. Â The high traffic a
Flooring	How to Level subfloor?. I have a subfloor that is unlevel in one corner of the house, by at least 4.  Need to know the best wa
Flooring	Flat pebble recovery tehnique. bathroom floor We had a bathroom floor which included polished flat pebble border strips 300mm x
Flooring	radius floor reducers. hi... wondering if you know where I can find a reducer from hardwood to carpet that can be curved (radiu
Flooring	Sealing Marble Tile. QUESTION: I am about to install 16x16 and 12x12 polished marble tiles in a hopscotch pattern over wonder-b
Flooring	products vitrified floor wood. necesito saber cual el mejor producto de vitricado de piso de madera, para alto trafico. muchas 
Flooring	Shower grout. White shower grout is darkening and brownish areas not removed by bleach are becoming prominent. How can I remove
Flooring	White Onyx Tile with Resin backed. I have read your previous answers on this subject and your response makes sense but why does
Flooring	Building a Burm. You mentioned creating a burm in an article (see link below). I need to create a small slope up to a french do
Flooring	concrete flooring. Can a concrete floor be buffed? If so, would I use any commercial grade floor buffer? Also would I be able t
Flooring	solidwalk vs quietwalk. QUESTION: Â Hi Brian,   Just looking for info on the web. These two underlay products are very similar, 
Flooring	brick paver patio. I installed a brick paver patio and would like to know what I can mix with the sand between the bricks to av
Flooring	adura vinyl plan. Hi Chris, We recently had installed adura vinyl plank on a radiant heat cement floor. Â This is a new place. Â 
Flooring	Restoring old wood floor. Chris, I haven't seen anything on my particular issue. Â I have an almost 100 year old house. Â I reali
Flooring	sanding new wood floors. I am installing new ash unfinished wood flooring in my 3 bedrooms over the next few months. Since I ca
Flooring	Konecto Vynil flooring. Just had the Konecto flooring installed. Â Love the color and it's durability. Â Just dissapointed in the
Flooring	installing laminate flooring. I am going to be installing some Pergo accolade flooring, which has the underlayment attached. I 
Flooring	Tile Floor upstairs bathroom. I have linoleum in a upstairs bathroom. Can I put wonderboard right on the linoleum before the ti
Flooring	Frieze Carpet. I like the frieze carpet a lot. However, I am hesitant to buy it because I have never seen it in anyone's house.
Flooring	dining room. Jus tbought a house with capeting in the dining room....I hate carpeting in the dining room. Â I don't want wood/wo
Flooring	Brick hard water stain removal. The previous owner of our house left us with hard water stains on our covered outside brick pat
Flooring	hardwoodfloor installation. QUESTION: Hello Mr. Dave Coil, First of all, what is the difference in cost of installation of 2 1/
Flooring	Floor prep for tile -AFTER Sheet Flooring. QUESTION: Howdy - Â I looked around, but couldn't find the specific answer I was look
Flooring	Tile or stone flooring. I want to install an impermeable floor on my existing treated wood deck/screened porch. Â I prefer to us
Flooring	Hickory Floor Installation. Bryan:  I read you comment about your hickory floors and being installed too tight with great angst
Flooring	Removal of Epoxy from Cement Deck. Good Morning Perry (at least it still is here in Las Vegas)  We had some plumbers at our h
Flooring	Dyes. Al,  One more question. Does it require a professional to separate the primary from the secondary backing? Â I like the so
Flooring	uneven concrete slabs. Hello.  I am converting part of my garage to living space and want to lay vinyl tile. Â In the garage the
Flooring	Tile on covered poarch. I have some indoor tile left over from a previous project.My wife is wanting to tile the front porch wh
Flooring	Slate Floor Tiles. Hello. I have laid floor tiles before, but we are thinking about getting some slate in our new kitchen:  htt
Flooring	Floating tile over concrete. QUESTION: I am installing 12x12 (0.5 thick) travertine on concrete in my bathrooms. The remainder
Flooring	Marble fireplace surround. We have a wood burning fireplace that has a marble fireplace surround, 3 large pieces. Â I would like
Flooring	shower tile installation. I was hoping you might be able to tell me where I can buy a shower pan membrane in the sacramento are
Flooring	Mapei Premixed Grout. QUESTION: I just used the Mapei premixed grout to do my shower surround and floor. Now I read that it is 
Flooring	SR-5 Product. Bill - sorry for the confusion. Apparently i resubmitted a question that you graciously and appropriately answere
Flooring	why use Durock on floor?. What is the point of using Durock on floors before tiling?  I just bought some at lowes, and whlie we
Flooring	Bamboo vs Engineered vs Laminate. Hi Dave,  I would like to solicit your opinion on the pros and cons of Bamboo (5/8 x 3.75) 
Flooring	Wood Laminate Flooring Pad. Hi Kirk- We have a two story house and are picking out wood laminate flooring for our foyer and liv
Flooring	luaon flooring. Hi, We are remodeling our house and had to replace a large section of subflooring in the kitchen. Down the line
Flooring	Tile runs through threshhold. I am replacing the existing tile in my bathroom. I am using a diffent pattern tile to replace it.
Flooring	installing berber. Hello, We recently had our cut pile carpet replaced with berber carpet in our upstairs, and are very disappo
Flooring	Loose lay vinyl. I was installing a loose lay (preference plus tarkett)vinyl.I need to do one seem in a room 9x2. Just wonderng
Flooring	laving ceramic tile. We have a cement floor that originally had linoleum. We installed peel and stick over top. Can we apply th
Flooring	vinyl tile. I'm ready to install the tile. Â It's vinyl squares, self-adhesive with a urethane surface by Home Dynamix. Â I remem
Flooring	Removing Sealer from Spanish Tile Patio Floor. QUESTION: We are trying to remove several layers of sealer/wax from a smooth Spa
Flooring	Removal of Sealer from Glazed Porcelain Tile. QUESTION: We recently had a new tile floor put in and the installer put two coats
Flooring	skim coat over saltillo tiles. My entrance has very old saltilo tiles. I have laminate on both sides entrance. Â I want to put a
Flooring	wet flooring question. Our home was built in 2001. At that time, the builder laid a vinyl plank floor throughout the house. He 
Flooring	Peel and Stick vinyl on messed up concrete. I am in the process of remodeling. During the DIY process, the paint started to pee
Flooring	Refinished hardwoods and made a mistake.... Image 1 Â Image 2 Â  Chris,  Thank you for taking time to look at my question. I refi
Flooring	Is a denser carpet pad more comfortable?. We purchase a Mohawk SmartStrand frieze carpet recently. The salesman made a mistake 
Flooring	water damage to laminate floor & ceramic tile. Hi John,  the toilet in my condo flooded out 3/4 of our home from a toilet that 
Flooring	Installation of Granite Floor tile. I had granite tile installed (256)sq ft in my liv room, dining area and hallway. Â After the
Flooring	condensation on porcelain floor. Perry, i bought this apartment with porcelain flooring and i have totally no idea on the grade
Flooring	Marble floor installation. Which is a most appropriate substrate for a marble floor installation, on a wet cementitious toppi
Flooring	sealing new pavers. Hello  I live in central Florida. 2 months ago we had concretebrickpavers installed for our driveway, sid
Flooring	Laminate flooring. Our house is about 40 years old and I would like some new flooring. We chose a laminate and had an installer
Flooring	prefinished hardwood floor. 3 yrs ago we built a new home and installed prefinished Brazilian cherry hardwood floors.we live in
Flooring	uneven travertine tiles. I have 18 x 18 travertine stone floor tiles installed in my home. The  polished tiles are uneven and
Flooring	Ceramic Tile Flooring. I have a glazed ceramic floor tile that runs continuous throughout the house and there is a small chip i
Flooring	Bathroom laminate. I am going to install laminate wood flooring in my bathroom. I've read that I need to put a bead of caulking
Flooring	tiling porch exposed to rain/ice/snow in Northeast. Perry,  I have a concrete slab porch that is covered by a roof and short ea
Flooring	Mable Flloor Sanding Results - Terrible. Please HELP!!  I have cream color smooth marble 16x16 installed by a contractor in a l
Flooring	loose carpet fibers. No one has ever heard this one Jim, so lets see if you have.  I have been emaing you, about the loose carp
Flooring	Tile size in a small bathroom. Hi, Would you suggest 24x12 tile on the wall and 24X24 on the floor Â Â of a 1/2 bath that is 36x8
Flooring	Caring of Wool carpets. Hello Jim..........How do I prevent the constant shedding of new wool carpets?
Flooring	carpet over concrete. I am about to install carpeting over a concrete basement floor. Previously had pile carpeting over foam p
Flooring	Travertine Patio. I have a wood patio front deck. Â I want to cover it with Travertine. Â Do I need to first seal it or may I use
Flooring	Mexican tile & flooding. We had some flooding in our home, about 2-21/2 inches. Â The water was moved out within a couple of hou
Flooring	Hardwood floor water damage and possible mold. hallway floor Â Larger hallway pic Â  The hot water tank in our home in the mid-we
Flooring	VCT tile. Hi Guy,  I was told that VCT tile will not develop mold or mildew. Â Is this correct?  I want to use it in my basement
Flooring	ceramic tile over concrete. I'm dealing with a 1/4 crack in the concrete floor of a bathroom I'm installing 12x12 ceramic ti
Flooring	wood or laminate. Hi- Could you please tell me the difference between hardwood and laminate? I'm looking at a Home Depot mailin
Flooring	Carpet Measuring. I measure my small apartment as 39.4 square yards This includes an 8X10 (feet) 13X19 areas and two small patc
Flooring	Two Collies & Prefinished Hardwood floors. Hi. I am planning to install prefinished BR111 brazilian teak in our whole house. I 
Flooring	Basement floors. I bought a house built in the mid 1920's. The basement floor is concrete and looks like it was painted in area
Flooring	Scratches on ceramic tile. I have installed shiny 4x4 ceramic tiles on the wall and used a sanded grout to finish. The grout ch
Flooring	porceline tile. Bathroom with O.K.'d porcelain tile on floor and walls. Walls and floor tiles are straight, some lippage on flo
Flooring	getting adhesive off hard wood. Our carpenters used a masking tape to tape a paper roll to the hardwood after they laid it for 
Flooring	6' Radius on Hardwood Flooring to Carpet. I am in the middle of an addition/remodel on my neighbors house and we have decided t
Flooring	Moisture under tile floor. In July I remodeled my ground floor bathroom. It is a small room containing a toilet and vanity. I t
Flooring	Sealant flaking off tiles made worse after rubbing alcohol spill. Hello Mr. Hohmann, I hope you can help us. We have some kind 
Flooring	stained marble. Hi, my HUSBAND called himself putting down a marble floor. Everything was ok until he grouted it. Of couse the 
Flooring	engineered hardwood glue down vs. floating. QUESTION: i have recently purchased some very beautiful 3/8 x 3 engineered hardwoo
Flooring	pavers stained- grill grease and oil. Chris,  I hope you might be able to help me out. Â My wife and I have a new house with non
Flooring	replacing grout lines on tile. I have a question on grout lines in tile along the surface of a swimming pool. Â You are an exper
Flooring	engineered floor instalation. know the best way to install it. i have herd it is possible to float it, nail it or glue it down.
Flooring	Removing PL400 from a hardwood floor. How does one remove old PL400 from a hardwood floor?
Flooring	unfilled bathroom shower travertine tiles. QUESTION: I love the holes in the tiles. Â I want to keep them or some of them. Â how 
Flooring	Hardwood Floor - repair or replace. QUESTION: Our hardwood floor is popping up in all areas just not where the floor meets the 
Flooring	Raising a Floor. I have a room that when you step into it you have to step down 8 inches onto a concrete floor (it used to be p
Flooring	Is It Mold?. QUESTION: Dear Chris, I know you are not a mold expert. I thought however, that you might have seen a stain on con
Flooring	stripping adhesive off of terrazo floor. hello,  i am in the middle of a really big project...  i just rented a 4000 sq. ft. co
Flooring	Laminate Click-Lock floor expansion gap. My wife and I are about to install the floating laminate flooring in her new bridal st
Flooring	porecelain tiles failing?. We completed a major renovation of our home about 6 months ago. Â No structural changes were made. Â W
Flooring	Flooring over a concrete slab. I would like to solicit your opinion on the pros and cons of Bamboo (5/8 x 3.75) vs engineered
Flooring	Mannington Adura Pos/Neg experience?. Was leaning towards laminate in large din rm/fam room area (above dry basement) but have 
Flooring	Travetine floor. We had installed in our home travetine flooring. I am wanting to clean the grout lines, but not sure what to u
Flooring	Bottle cap floor. Hello Perry. We are hoping to make a bottle cap floor in a small bathroom hallway of our restaurant. We are w
Flooring	Carrara marble browning. shower slab We installed marble in our steam shower one year ago. In the last couple months a brown st
Flooring	Installing new laminate floor on an vinyl floor. Dear Sir:  I am considering installing laminate floor over our kitchen vinyl f
Flooring	Cutting tile that is already insta lled on wall. We need to install a new above the range microwave in our kitchen. Â We have 18
Flooring	grout problem in shower stall. we had a new shower built 2 months ago. it has 12 x 12 ceramic tile floor with grout. Â The grout
Flooring	Old tile restoration. QUESTION: I hope you can help - the other expert who seemed to have extensive tile experience, couldn't
Flooring	marble laying querry. QUESTION: Dear Perry, We are the consultants on 49 storied residentisl twisting towers.We are using Crema
Flooring	new ceramic flooring. We are doing new ceramic flooring in our house. I would like to know the following: (1) Â Â Should we chang
Flooring	re-color grout. QUESTION: I currently have black grout in my kitchen. I am remodeling in Jan & want to lighten it up to go with
Flooring	ceramic installation. I have asbestos tile in my basement. The tile is very solid and I do not wish to pull it out. How can I i
Flooring	floor prep over commercial tile. KevinWe have commercial tile on the floor in our office and control room at our water treatmen
Flooring	Carpet. Hi David, The situation is the carpet keeps moving and bunching up. Â It's an apartment and has wall-to-wall carpeting, 
Flooring	Konecto floating floor. Two weeks ago, I had a Konecto floating tile floor installed in my basement. Â The next day, the tiles s
Flooring	carpet and hardwood in new condo. I'm buying a condo. Â It has a concrete floor with Shaw really thin carpet on top. Â I have i
Flooring	Floor Prep for Carpet - Not Level. Hello I am in the process of building a new home and the builder is going out of business bu
Flooring	vinyl plank flooring and temperature. QUESTION: I have a covered sunporch with sliding glass doors, but no HVAC. I am thinking 
Flooring	non-rectified marble. Dave,  I bough 2400 ft2 of Sunny Light 24x24x3/4 marble to install in my house. When the installers star
Flooring	laminate flooring transition to carpetting. I just had carpetting installed in my living room and I'm about to install laminate
Flooring	douglas fir floor. QUESTION: We ave an old Bungalow/cottage style home in SanFrancisco with a linoleum kitchen floor. Â I remove
Flooring	wall to wall carpenting. is it all right to put new wall to wall over old wall to wall???
Flooring	Engineered wood. I had a Mohawk Engineered floor installed in the fall of 2003, within a year the floor was popping up, apparen
Flooring	cracked ceramic tile. QUESTION: hi  I hope you can help me out . I had a house built 2 years ago recently I was washing the cer
Flooring	sealing grout for porcelain tile. When using grout sealing material on porcelain tile should the tile itself be sealed or only 
Flooring	ACRYLIC ON PORCELAIN TILE. QUESTION: My husband and I bought beautiful antique porcelain tile for our kitchen floor. Â It WAS be
Flooring	Bruce Laminate Floor Popping. QUESTION: We had a Bruce wood laminate floor (Reserve Premium Wild Cherry) professionally install
Flooring	laminate over concrete and tile. QUESTION: I want to replace carpet with floating laminate floor. My issue is i also have twelv
Flooring	Questioning Installer's Competency. wall piece Can you tell me what solutions are available for the corner work shown in the tw
Flooring	What to put next to marble?. We are purchasing a home that has marble in the entryway, down the right side of the large living 
Flooring	messy epoxy grouting. hi, the guy who grouted our pool floor did a really messy job. He used the Bal Endura epoxy grout. The pr
Flooring	family room travertine install. QUESTION: Is it good to install 1/4 durarock or a 1/8 to 1/4 poured floor over plywood? I will 
Flooring	Selecting carpet. Hi.  Ok, I need to replace my carpet BAD! (really, I should do something other than carpet but can't afford i
Flooring	ceramic tiles just taken up. Hi, Â we are remodeling. Â Putting new tile in entrance way. Â House was built in 1976. Â Original cer
Flooring	floor repair. I have trazzlo type floor and it has to much stain Â i try to clean it it dont work I tried Â power wash also it do
Flooring	flooring. how much should someone charge for laying carpet or laminate flooring,because my husband does it alot and I personall
Flooring	green flooring. I want to use green flooring in my new room. Â I wanted to use cork, but it won't work, as my concrete floor
Flooring	Kids, dogs & floors. Hi we are building a new house and can install any floor. Â We have 2 kids and 3 dogs. Â Someone is having a
Flooring	laminate flooring. QUESTION: What sort of base can laminate flooring be laid on? Our 2nd story floor is not concrete (obviously
Flooring	Installation of silicon sealer. I have a flooring failure (first one ever). Â I've been installing floors for 45 years, and neve
Flooring	water damage to vinyl floor tiles. 10 days ago we had the unfortunate experience of a toilet blockage and a subsequent overspil
Flooring	prep for tile istall. QUESTION: Hi Chris, I'm getting ready to install tile in a bath floor. The old plywood had water damage, 
Flooring	Wood Floor Added Onto Another Wood Floor. We recently purchased a house in Florida that the previous owners had water damage to
Flooring	Tile Lippage. I just had ceramic tile installed in kitchen and many of the tiles are uneven. Three sizes 6, 12 and 18 in a p
Flooring	Carpet Stain Removal. I recently moved into an older historic home. The stairwell and 2nd floor have light carpet over hardwood
Flooring	level sagging wooden floor. Hi there,  We have just brought a 50 year old timber house with timber flooring. Once previous owne
Flooring	Tile selection. Flooring Â  Hello,  I'm so excited I found this website! I need suggestions on what color tile and pattern would
Flooring	defective carpet. I recently had medium grade, beige carpet intalled throughout my house. Â Its appearance is far from satisfact
Flooring	grout. Hello  We have here new limestones that the grout is powdering out of it littl eby little till we see just cracks where 
Flooring	Carpet install before interior doors?. I am adding an addition to my house. Â I want to know if I can install my carpet BEFORE I
Flooring	hardwood vs porcelain tile in kitchen. Hi  I am inquiring about the pros cons of having hardwood ( maple) or engineered hardwoo
Flooring	Open tread stair carpet. I am trying to find a supplier of individual carpet mats for open tread staircases. I have an open tre
Flooring	bathroom tile floor. Perry,  I read a few reviews in regard to this, I'm just sill uncertain. I'm updating my bathroom, which c
Flooring	grout. Hello  We have here new limestones that the grout is powdering out of it littl eby little till we see just cracks where 
Flooring	Installing tile outdoors. QUESTION: I want to use ceramic 12X12 field tiles around my pool deck. The deck will be made of treat
Flooring	hardwood flooring installation. My husband and I are installing new, prefinished, 3 1/4 inch wide maple flooring in our kitchen
Flooring	carpet over parquetry. John, the previous owners of the house have installed carpet over parquetry. We  would like to remove th
Flooring	warped floor in new house. i am haveing a new home built and they used partical board for the floor the floor got wet with rain
Flooring	Removing carpet. I recently purchased foreclosure property which was in great condition with the exception of the carpet. Â I wo
Flooring	Cleaning grout. Our home was flooded following Hurricane Katrina. The flood waters were inside for about three weeks.  We have 
Flooring	how to fix a bad installation. I've recently moved into a home with a poor carpet installation in the master bedroom. The carpe
Flooring	Scratches in finish on hardwoods. Hello, We have prefinished hardwoods all throughout the house and have a dog who has scratche
Flooring	honey onyx tiles. I have purchased a grouping of honey onyx tiles for a large backsplash in my home. I went back to secure more
Flooring	Radiant  heat under marble. I am remodeling our family room. Â Pulling up the old carpeting I discovered linoleum tile on top of
Flooring	subflooring and tiling?. My home is on post and pier. Â The subfloor in our kitchen looks like interlocking pine boards. On top 
Flooring	furniture stain removal. Our wall to wall carpet got soaked in a flood. Â The carpet company was able to dry it out and clean it
Flooring	Reasonable cost for installing white Oak hardwood. Hi Bryan,  I was hoping you could help with a question. I have just purchase
Flooring	carpet on stringers. QUESTION: I read your answer on how to install carpet on stringers, but I was wondering how do I figure ou
Flooring	tented tile. Over the summer, we returned from a week's vacation to find our ceramic tile tented in several of our home's livin
Flooring	Installation of Duraceramic. Can this be applied over existing sheet lineoleum? Â 
Flooring	Bruce Lock&Foldï¿½ Hardwood Collection. QUESTION: I was wondering about Bruce Lock&Foldï¿½ Hardwood Collection. Can it be refinishe
Flooring	Sealed Honed Travertine - Looks Awful!. We recently had honed & filled travertine installed in about half of our home - Laundry
Flooring	marble/carpet. QUESTION: dilemmaHello, I have a dilemma how to make a marble-carpet transaction nice without using any threshol
Flooring	travertine stain removal. QUESTION: Hey there, I am panicking right now because my cat knocked over a huge  costco size glass b
Flooring	Grouting Glazed Porcelain Tiles. Hello. We recently laid light tan polished porcelain tiles in my kitchen. Â After setting them 
Flooring	Lino on stairs. QUESTION: Â I was wondering if you had to trim the bullnose or add a back piece to stairs when applying lino?   
Flooring	stair runner over capet. I had wall to wall carpet installed not too long ago in all my rooms upstairs and also stairs and hall
Flooring	Travertine instalation. I am installing travertine tile and have read several of the comments to assist me in the installation.
Flooring	transition pieces. I installed 5 inch tounge&groove, three quarter inch thick in my living room. The  living room has a 9ft. op
Flooring	Granite Floor Tiles ...Best way to lay?. I am building my family room, home theatre. The current floor is 3/4 T&G ply, laid ov
Flooring	Tile design question. Flooring Â  Hello,  I'm so excited I found this website! I need suggestions on what color tile and pattern
Flooring	tile install, patterns and underlayment. I have a whole house that needs to be tiled my main concern now is the main level it i
Flooring	New Capet over Pergo Floor?. QUESTION: Went Lowes for carpet in two rooms. I have pergo floor all throu the house. We want to t
Flooring	Leak between parkay tongue and groove flooring. QUESTION: Over the last 48 hours I've noticed my parkay tongue and groove floor
Flooring	Bianca Carrera Marble Discoloration. Hello Jim, We are experiencing various white finger size or smaller discolorations from 
Flooring	QuickStep laminate flooring installed over tile and cement slab. QUESTION: I live in Tucson, Arizona in a 55 year old brick hom
Flooring	tile installation in bathroom. Do you need a certain type of flooring in the bathroom room 2nd floor in order to install tile f
Flooring	removed outdoor carpet from covered patio. Hi, I just removed outdoor carpet that was glued down to concrete. It was installed 
Flooring	Tumbled Marble. Built a new house and had tile guy lay tumbled marble in floor of shower. Â It was 12x12 small diamonds. After a
Flooring	Covering floor of outdoor storage shed. Hello, I have a 10 x 16 outdoor storage shed with a work bench. It has vinyl siding and
Flooring	Porcelain Tiles. I've had a concrete slab fail a moisture test about 5.3 avg. We plan to use Bestick Best for adhesive for an e
Flooring	Restoring Saltillo Tiles. QUESTION: Hi, I've recently purchased a house with saltillo throughout the bottom story (approx 1000 
Flooring	Prefinished vs. Finished. In love with the Bloodwood seen at Lumber Liquidators. Â Problem is it only comes in the 3/4 solid an
Flooring	Installing carpet over a tile carpet mix. Dear Mr. Adams, My new home has an upstairs bedroom with an odd mix of Â 12 inch ceram
Flooring	Floor cupping. Hi Chris,  I have a cupping problem with an engineered hardwood floor. The planks are 3 1/2 wide and when you s
Flooring	Repairing bathroom concrete sub floor. I am trying to retile my bathroom floor. Â When I removed my old floor using a hammer & c
Flooring	Crema Marfil Porcelain. Hi Perry,  I have read some of your replies about Crema Marfil tiles cupping and would like to know if 
Flooring	Flooring for kitchen/dining/entry. Every product seems to have a problem. Â I am considering the following. Â Please rate best to
Flooring	stripping urethane off of unglazed saltilllo tile. i am trying to strip poly urethane off of unglazed saltillo tile on outside 
Flooring	wood floor gap. I just read your advice to someone on having a credit card width space between baseboard and wood floor. Â Won't
Flooring	Vinyl removal. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hi, Â I have a question about removing vinyl/tile installatio
Flooring	Porcelain tile on concrete slab. We have just built a new home on a heated concrete slab. This is our source of heating for the
Flooring	Tumbled travertine and grout. My tumbled travertine floor was installed two years ago, at which time it was sealed. Â The grout 
Flooring	Cleaning unsealed colored floor grout. Â Â Tile is about 7 years old with light colored grout that was not sealed. Â What is the b
Flooring	stripping a brick floor. QUESTION: I am considering buying a house with a brick floor that I believe is original to the house b
Flooring	Roman Stone kitchen flooring. QUESTION: We bought our home about 6 years ago and one of the projects we did was to install viny
Flooring	Wall prep for tile. I need to remove existing ceramic tile (4 x 4) from a kitchen backsplash and install new tile. My question 
Flooring	tile/carpet transition. my husband installed ceramic tile in our bathroom (was vinyl). Â it looks beautiful, but now what do we 
Flooring	the spread of mole in a vinyl floor. How long does it take for a vinyl floor to become discolored? I put a new vinyl floor, 2 y
Flooring	Grading Of Carpet. Hi Alan,  I'm looking to get carpet installed on the 3rd floor of my  house and on the steps from the 2nd fl
Flooring	Carpet Adhesive. We just had pad and carpet installed on our basement concrete floor. Â The installer used Parabond M260 glue ad
Flooring	kitchen flooring. Hello,I AM CONSIDERING REPLACING MY KITCHEN FLOORING NEXT YEAR, HOWEVER IM NOT SURE WHAT TYPE IS BEST FOR A K
Flooring	Carpet Inquiry. Would you be able to provide any details (manufacturer, color, style, etc.) on carpet given the sticker informa
Flooring	cleaning and buffing porcelain tile floor. QUESTION: We just installed porcelain tile floor. Â We have cleaned with water, water
Flooring	laying vitrified tiles on old mosaic floor. Sir, i am planning to change the flooring of my 18 year old house with mosaic floor
Flooring	Stained grout in shower. The light-colored sanded grout in my shower stall is in good condition (only 4 years old, actually) ex
Flooring	FLOOR HELP - PHOENIX. hi there. Â we are building a home in phoenix and the second story of our home will have a lot of exposure
Flooring	installing tile, such as saltillo, over a brick floor. I am wondering if it's feasible to install saltillo-type tile or slate t
Flooring	Travertine vs. Brazilian Cherrywood. We are thinking of building a house and can't decide which to put on the floor..Ivory Trav
Flooring	Laminate Flooring-padding and moisture barrier. We are planning to lay laminate throughout the house. Â The one I have picked ha
Flooring	polish brick floors/. Hello-I emailed you earlier about re-sealing my brick floors-but they still are kind of shiny-so I dont w
Flooring	Transitioning Laminate. I recently put laminate flooring in my kitchen. I have completed all the transitions except for the one
Flooring	Saltillo Tiles/incorrect sealer/how to remove. QUESTION: Bill, we have recently had Saltillo Tile installed in a screened porch
Flooring	Cracks on newly installed marble. QUESTION: Hi John,  We have our kitchen floor installed with natural marble by a professional
Flooring	thickness of hardwoods. We are currently deciding on what hardwood flooring to put in our living/dining/kitchen area and are se
Flooring	Tile scuff marks?. Our tile expert layed a beautiful pattern of tile in our living room, foyer, and powder. Â BUT the tile appea
Flooring	sealing chiaro. QUESTION: Once I have sealed my chiaro tiles for my kitchen back splash, how often do I need to re-seal it? Â Ho
Flooring	Moisture between tiles and chip wood subfloor. I suspect some moisture between tiles and the chip wood subfloor underneath it i
Flooring	Travertine tile in Mud/Laundry Room. Perry, We are thinking about installing 18x18 travertine tile in our 160 square ft Laundry
Flooring	How do I prepare a cement basement floor for carpeting. We had a new home built 3 years ago and want to finish the basement. Â H
Flooring	Shower Tile Joints. I haven't found an exact answer to my question, so here goes. Â Shower joints in master bath were getting bl
Flooring	Shaw Carpet. Hello, My husband and I purchased Shaw carpet for our home last fall. Â We purchased a 7 yr carpet and upgraded the
Flooring	satillo tile in shower. Dear Bill,  I have installed whitewashed satillo tile in both my porches and entryway. Â I planned on in
Flooring	Black marble for fireplace surround. Hi and thanks. Â I am shopping for black marble tile to use as a fireplace surround with an
Flooring	garage concret floor. Hi Harvey, I spend alot of time in my garage ....I was wanting to do an acid wash on my concret floor. Is
Flooring	tile. i laid tile from the entrance of door to the kithen door. my problem now is that the kithcen floor is higher. what do i d
Flooring	Hardwood Floors. Hi, we're looking to do our whole first floor in hardwood but are having a hard  time figuring out the best ty
Flooring	methd of coating statuario italian marble floor. Dear sir, Kindly educate us as how to , and which chemical coating Â to be appl
Flooring	Light weight concrete between joists. Jim, started a bathroom redo on an older home.(1925) Ripped the tile mud job off the floo
Flooring	Carpet over a concrete slab. Hi  I am replacing the carpeting in my den which is installed on top of a concrete slab. During th
Flooring	Wood steps. Hello Linda, I'm not sure if you can help or not. Â We recently purchased a house with beautiful wood steps going up
Flooring	trying to match prefinished cherry hardwoods. Hi! My husband and I just purchased a home that has prefinished chelsea plank che
Flooring	scarified. Did the 5 minute test with water. It did not soak in. So I need to scarified the floor. What does that mean and how 
Flooring	Gypcrete and Carpet. Our 2nd floor office floor has plywood covered with Gypcrete with commercial carpeting over it. Â The carpe
Flooring	Tile stain from grout. Hi, I installed a white crackle finish tile in my kitchen backsplash and grouted it with a TEC mocha col
Flooring	CARPETING FOR STAIRS. I am in the process of replacing carpeting in my entire home including stairs. Â I was thinking of a diffe
Flooring	Chipboard subfloor repair/replacement. QUESTION: Hi Perry  I live in a house built in the 1990s. Â We have recently had a cupboa
Flooring	Re:  carpet on cement basement floor. On 9/15/2009, you responded to Chas concerning the above subject. I found it to be very i
Flooring	Chandelier Design.. Chandelier Â  QUESTION: Dear Perry  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chandelier  A chandelier is a decorative ce
Flooring	Clean Brazilian cherry flooring. I want to prep a home for sale that has about 2500 sq ft of wood flooring. Â The house is only 
Flooring	chiseled edge grout. is a bad idea to use travertine chiseled edge stone on shower walls and if not how to you grout the edge a
Flooring	Wood Floors. How would I strip and refinish a floor?
Flooring	Calcium Build up on Travertine Tile around Spa. What can I do about calcium build up on Travertine tile around spa overflow int
Flooring	removed wall - leaves gap. We removed a wall when we added on to our home. I am looking for a creative but sensible way to fill
Flooring	Laminate Flooring on Two Different Concrete Heights. I am planning to install laminate flooring in a room the main level of a c
Flooring	sealing tumble marble. Installed new kitchen backsplash with 4x4 tumbled marble. Â What options are available that will seal and
Flooring	protectant for carpet. Hi I work in a place that has all polypropylene carpet and I am condidering buying a soil stop or a Scot
Flooring	luxary vinyl. We are remodeling a 100 yr old house. Â The kitchen, dining room, laundry room and bath are on the backside of the
Flooring	Marble floor cracking. Hi,  I have marble floor and I noticed that some squares start cracking, could you please tell what caus
Flooring	tile grout sealing. I just had a porcelain tile floor installed and they said I have to seal it, however the grout is still all
Flooring	Rectified Porcelin Tile. Do you have to have a grout joint when installing rectified porcelin tile? I thought the whole purpose
Flooring	Damp Basement. We moved into our house about 3 years ago and our basement was not finished. Â We never had any flooding issues a
Flooring	Carpet staples coming up. We purchased a remnant and pad (on a tight budget here) and had it installed a few weeks ago. Â Now, t
Flooring	travertine tile removal. I am wanting to remove a large section of travertine flooring and replace it  with a hardwood. The rea
Flooring	streaky saltillo tiles after pregrout seal. Bill, we are in the process of installing our saltillo floor.A few days ago the til
Flooring	Linoleum flooring showing raised islands. We are in the completion stages of a kitchen remodel using a licensed contractor. Â 
Flooring	I like the grout color better when it is wet. QUESTION: Is there a sealer or color enhancer that I can use on grout on a bathro
Flooring	New Carpet fuzz. I recently moved into an apartment with brand new carpet laid. Â After only a couple days of being here, I no
Flooring	how can i darken my grout. Hi grout guy,  I recently installed some tile in our bathroom with some standard grey grout. Â  when 
Flooring	flooring. which do I prefer for flooring between marble and vitrified with regards to durability. I dont mind about same model 
Flooring	grouting chiseled edge marble. Hello, My tile guy grouted my chiseled edge marble flooring and filled in the chiseled edges. Â C
Flooring	Ceramic tile over steel plate floor. QUESTION: Hi Perry,  I have a 1/2 steel plate floor (flush finish plate, not raised diamo
Flooring	Removing Cement Board. We have removed the tile from a floor that we will be installing new tile on eventually. The problem is 
Flooring	travertine sealer remover. Hello Â Bill, I'm in desperate need of a travertine sealer remover that works.  I have 1000 sq feet o
Flooring	Squeaky floor after carpets replaced. Hi there! Our house was completely rebuilt in 98'. Â However, we just decided to replace o
Flooring	Kitc hen Flooring. Hi Chris,  We want to put vinyl sheet flooring over our current Solarium flooring. The reason for putting ne
Flooring	Preparation of a cement slab, for laying ceramic tile in an outdoor patio. We plan to tile our Arizona room, which is basically
Flooring	allure laminate floor planks. We are looking to install the allure trafficmaster laminate floor, in two areas the floor abutts 
Flooring	glass tiling. hi Perry Â - I would like to put in a glass tile backsplash behind my range. It's currently a fresh sheetrock wall
Flooring	tigerwood flooring.. wheen installing tigerwood flooring are h joints acceptable. Or when three or four every other board line 
Flooring	Marble floor tiles. Can I use marble floor tiles in a luxury shower and how do I seal? Â Please advise as we are doing all the w
Flooring	carpet on top of hardwood at door. I have hardwood floors on the entire upstairs. the hall and steps were refinished, stopping 
Flooring	underlayment / sound transmission. QUESTION: Is it possible to combine cork and floor muffler underlayment to minimize sound tr
Flooring	carpet causing air quality problem. -------------------------  I really can't afford to replace the carpet. And because of high
Flooring	Improperly applied laminate flooring. The installer put the product down in a symmetrical pattern. The manufacturers installati
Flooring	mould..... hi i have recently moved into a bottom floor unit,there are 2 more levels lower that are for parking,i have a seriou
Flooring	tile Underlayment. In preparing to install new flooring in a large kitchen/hallway area 1/8 luan plywood was installed over 3/
Flooring	Prep for installing wall tiles. Chris, I'm back at my bathroom again and am reviewing what is needed to install tiles above a s
Flooring	water under ceramic tile. Dear Sir: My friend's ceramic-tile Â kitchen floor was partially flooded when the hose  connecting her
Flooring	Small Carpet Cave In - Water Damage?. Hello;  About 2 weeks ago near an entrance to my kitchen (laminate) to the living room (c
Flooring	re finish. I have a split brick kitchen floor. Â high traffic areas are starting to look matte finish while rest of floor still 
Flooring	tile flooring. If I have a couple of tiles that were not bonded correctly to the mortar and they cracked and the grout starting
Flooring	tile grout lines. My bathroom is 9 x14 but the tub/shower and vanity are along one wall so the remaining space is more about 14
Flooring	Floor tile installation. Michael, I may have a problem. Â Please tell me what to do. I have a bathroom installation of tile star
Flooring	shinny tile. In my kitchen I have porcelain tile with a very shinny finish on it, so it shows all spill very easily. It also lo
Flooring	porcelain porch floor. We had our porch done with porcelain tile last week. Â It looked nice up until last night that it seemed 
Flooring	Shower wall tile, mastic or thinset mortar.. I am installing my first tile shower my associate from Lowe's said to install the 
Flooring	Integrating new hardwood with old. 8 years ago we installed 3/4 tongue and groove hardwood throughout our downstairs, except f
Flooring	floor levelling/tile setting. Wow, glad I found this site, The drywaller suggested using the self levelling  floor level for th
Flooring	Staining saltillo tile. Several months ago we had saltillo tile installed in our hallways and front bathroom. The installer lef
Flooring	repairing tile on porch. The terra cotta tile on our small (about 4' x 8') front porch is cracked in places, and has fallen off
Flooring	Glue on Ceramic tile. I am moving into a house with white ceramic tile in the kitchen. Â Right in the middle of the kitchen is a
Flooring	hardwood floor cupping. Hi John: Â We purchased a new home 2 years ago, and from the outset, noticed that the wood floor is cupp
Flooring	Carpet. Thanks John for your prompt advice. Â It is very helpful! Â I would like to also add that we will be replacing additional
Flooring	Carpet decisions. Hi Carol, Good to see you're familiar with Kraus carpet.  I have been attempting to research before making  d
Flooring	help!!!!. How can I fix a grout/tile problem? Â I have white tile, with sanstone colored grout. Â I hate, hate, hate my white til
Flooring	Flexitec Mega vinyl floor bubble up. QUESTION: We had Mega vinyl floor install 1 year ago, now it is started to bubble up in ce
Flooring	doorway threshold needed. My husband installed a lovely laminate tile floor in our kitchen, perfect right up to the finishing t
Flooring	Laminate flooring. I purchased laminate flooring with the liner attached. Â I hsve limited storage space and the living snd dini
Flooring	slate floor. my contractor just installed slate tiles in our basement, over concrete. Â (Floor is heated) Â He did not leave spac
Flooring	footprints on hardwood floors. Hi, last summer we put in prefinished hardwood floors. They are a dark oak. They look wonderful 
Flooring	Laminate Floors over damaged vinyl floor. QUESTION: We have quite a few burn spots from melted mental on our vinyl floor, now w
Flooring	reconstituted marble flooring. I have been asked to install appox 150sq meters of reconstituted marble over a plywood subfloor 
Flooring	Surface damage to marble floor tiles. Picture023.jpg We had a lemon marble floor put in our kitchen in February. Â It was beauti
Flooring	Stripping porcelain tile. We recently installed procelain tile in our new steam shower. Â We sealed as per the installer's instr
Flooring	problem with newly laid tile. QUESTION: Hello Chris,  Â I hope you will be able to give me an answer to this. Â We have put down 
Flooring	Entry Way. Hi Bryan, Â I just moved into my house. Â The previous owner installed new carpet right up to the front door and I wan
Flooring	Tile prep. Hello, I started a bathroom tile job, tub and floor, myself a few months ago and got too busy/frustrated to finish i
Flooring	sealer for split fieldstone. QUESTION: Bill, Hi I am a masonry contractor attempting to create some work. Â There are a few comm
Flooring	travertine floor install over concrete slab. perry,  I,m installing a Travertine floor in my foyer. It will be on a concrete sl
Flooring	Laminate Flooring. I bought laminate flooring that needs to be installed. What would be a fair price to pay? I am not sure, so 
Flooring	Stripping topical sealer from travertine. Our contractor sealed our honed and filled travertine with a topical, rather  than an
Flooring	Removing stick on tile & preserving hardwood underneath. HI, Â I have stick on tile on my floors. Â I pulled up a couple of piece
Flooring	grout needs to be cleaned. I have navy blue grout which needs to be cleaned. Â Home Depot told me to use part water and muric ac
Flooring	Wet Stinky Carpet. Hello - We occasionally get a little water in our basement if the ground is frozen and we get heavy rains - 
Flooring	tile installation. I purchased a condo conversion recently and there is laminate in the kitchen, which looks great, but I want 
Flooring	Vetrified Vs Marble. Mr. Perry, I am middle class salaried person and have to  take decision on flooring. Â Which one is the bes
Flooring	flooring. Thank you for your previous answer on Flexitec.. further to that... can you perhaps suggest an alternative choice for
Flooring	tile over laminate. I recently ripped up my laminate on the floor of my basement bathroom. Â It didn't all come up perfectly. Â T
Flooring	Applying Durock. I have a house that has 3/4 inch pine floor with a 3/4 inch hardwood floor above. Â We are going to add 1/2 du
Flooring	Many cracked tiles in newer home-. My home was built in 2001. After several years i noticed that the driveway had more crackes 
Flooring	at grade, hard wood floor instatlation. QUESTION: I purchased 250 sq. yards of hardwood flooring. Â My project is at grade. Â I
Flooring	cleaning white grout. Was not sealed immediately and now needs cleaning before I can seal it. Quite brown in places. I tried a 
Flooring	installing saltillo tile over VCT on slab. We have a playroom floor that is commercial Vinyl Composition Tile (12x12) over a co
Flooring	fiber. We have been told by a salesman,we don't want polyester Â even though the one we want to buy is obviously superior than
Flooring	Tile and Marbel. What should be the depth of sealant in a 3/4 wide expansion joint?  What material is acceptable for use as a 
Flooring	Glorius Flooring. Hi Chris   I came upon your post about Glorius Flooring upon doing a search for them after a local flooring p
Flooring	osb subfloor. We are renovating an old farm house. Â We had to remove the flooring, down to the original subfloor which was 1 X
Flooring	slanted floor. In a house I'm considering buying, the floor slants down about 15 degrees for about a foot to the wall. Can I ta
Flooring	Ceramic Tile Dye. We had a dark (black and brown) ceramic tile floor installed in our new condo. Â After the installation we hav
Flooring	limestone tiles. I'm thinking of installing limestone tiles in my kitchen , laundry room , powder room , and hallway , but I'm 
Flooring	Tile and Baseboard. Hi Jim,  I need to remove the baseboards adjacent to the tiles. The challange that I face is that the baseb
Flooring	slate tile / carpet transistion. Hi, I'm thinking through a diy project that wil involve laying slate tiles. I am planning to l
Flooring	stained cement problems. I have a new office building with concrete floors. I was told that the Behr products (semi-transparent
Flooring	cleaning of vitrified tile. for filling the joints of vitrified tile , the floors needs cleaning due to stain of cement how to 
Flooring	mexian tile. Looking to restore mexian tile in mothers condo, tile is on the pourch but shes on the 3rd floor. Was going to pre
Flooring	Removing grout from Travertine Marble. Inside my shower is travertine marble. The seams where the wall meets the floor & where 
Flooring	drafty floor. Hi Chris, My question is: I have carpet over a concrete slab in my tv room and has electric base board heat on ou
Flooring	konecto country flooring. John, Can konecto country be layed over concrete slabs with a moisture reading of 5.1 lbs per 1000 sq
Flooring	Flooring, Trim, and Caulking. I just got done installing new vinyl (and painting) in my bathroom, which has wooden trim. Now th
Flooring	Patio enclosure floor covering. Â I have a patio enclosure with a smooth trowel concrete floor. I'm considering a porcelain tile
Flooring	tile removel. QUESTION: how many square feet per hour can I remove with airhammer  ANSWER: Hi Liz;Forget the air hammer. Â That 
Flooring	rough ceramic tile. I have ceramic tile through my whole house. It has a rough finish and it is very hard to keep clean. I was 
Flooring	ceramic tile on OSB. Hello, I read a repsonse you gave about installing tile on OSB board, but I would like to clarify it more.
Flooring	Grout looks dirty. Grey grout Â Look closely Â  The grout in my master bath looks dirty. When you look closely it appears to be u
Flooring	ceramic  tile. i removed my tile due to some loose ones and now i have a concret floor with thin set allover it i tried toscrap
Flooring	Armstrong Grand Illusions laminate floor. We have had recently had installed the above mentioned floor.  When it was being inst
Flooring	laminate floor install. Hi Chris, I think you've helped me before on a tile install and you were Â very helpfull.This is on a la
Flooring	surface preparation for travertine 18. Hello Perry, The first floor of my house is currently comprised of carpet in the living 
Flooring	Creaking Upstair Floors. My upstair floors creaks and can be heard downstairs. Â I have carpet on the floors. my house was renta
Flooring	Discoloration of Super Saltillo Tile. The man who installed the tile said the discoloration was in the tile and there's nothing
Flooring	Grout Problems-Is My Tile Man Being Honest With Me?. Thank you so much for your help. Â We really need an expert opinion for ou
Flooring	Installing real wood flooring. I want to install real wood flooring in my den. Â I have installed laminated wood, the snap and l
Flooring	flooring. The kitchen & bathroom area of our home has a plywood subfloor with 3/4 particle board on top. I want to replace both
Flooring	Installing Large Ceramic Tile. Perry,  I am installing 18x18 ceramic tile on a concrete slab. Â Since the tile is so large, I 
Flooring	Ceramic Tile/Plumbing. I'm installing new tile over existing bathroom tile. Do I need to remove the toilet first, or can I tile
Flooring	bathroom tile. We are remodeling our bathroom and considering using travertine tile in the shower. Â What kind of upkeep will I 
Flooring	Grout/Slate. I have newly installed slate flooring. Â The grout I chose was a darker taupe, but once it dried, turned a very lig
Flooring	attic bedroom - carpet. Lowe's guy recommended StainMaster carpet for attic bedroom because it cleans up better than other bran
Flooring	new carpet over old. I want to recarpet a small room that has an extremely heavy piece of furniture. Very difficult for even 2 
Flooring	white tile turning pink. QUESTION: I have installed 2 white octagon glazed ceramic tile on bathroom floor which I bought at HD
Flooring	Outdoor carpet - screened in porch. QUESTION: I had a screened in LARGE porch built. Â The subflooring is plywood. Â This was don
Flooring	travertine to slippery. a client had her pool deck done in travertine (1300 sq.ft), it was sealed by the installers. They used 
Flooring	Self Stick Vinyl Floor Tiles Over Concrete. I am installing self stick floor tiles over a new concrete floor in the basement. Â 
Flooring	porcelain tile. We had porcelain tile installed today and we plan to wait 48 hours before putting the appliance on the tile. Â C
Flooring	preparation for laying tile on a lanai. Lanai Our lanai is not level. Water comes in from the ground and through the  screen in
Flooring	Carpet Seam tape removal. I need to pull up a small section of carpet where water from the bathroom saturated the carpet and pa
Flooring	Ceramic Tile Grout White crusty oozing. New porcelain tile installed throughout the house and direct glued down wood in the lar
Flooring	Grout Colors are Different. I just installed ceramic tile in my kitchen, I had to do it in half segments, the grout ended up co
Flooring	deciding on hardwood options. Hi, Bryan! We are building new construction and have decided to use hardwood for most of the open
Flooring	Carpet in a garage.... We want to create a children's play area in our garage.  Thus, we want to have indoor-outdoor carpet wit
Flooring	Satillo Tile. Which stores carry the Internacional Finish? I checked with the store where I bought the other Sparks products an
Flooring	Bellawood. We installed Bellawood's Maple Flooring in the downstairs portion (1600+ sq. ft.) of our house in March of 2005. Â It
Flooring	using carpet to lay over ceramic tile. I was wondering if instead of buying an area rug to lay over our ceramic tile. Would it 
Flooring	Maple Wood Floor - alternatives to Bellawood?. Hi,  I am very happy I found you! I want to buy 750 square feet of select Maple 
Flooring	streaky film?!. Spoke to the contractor and he said you need to apply it, wait 6 hours, then polish--which he will do. He didn'
Flooring	outdoor deck tile slope. i have a new construction home with a second floor screened in porch. Â The porch is tiled but i am con
Flooring	tile and grout problems. 2 questions. 1. Â when we bought our tile, we thought we were buying a porcelain product with a very sl
Flooring	carpet transition. I have a carpeted floor that transitions onto another floor that is close to the same height. I wanted to pu
Flooring	Thinset over old vinyl adhesive?. This is my second question for you in as many days. Â I am putting 1/2 travertine down in my 
Flooring	tile laying solution. QUESTION: I have recently started to remove the dated tile flooring in our home. We have a L shaped h
Flooring	Plywood subfloor addition for kitchen tile. We ripped out the old flooring and our down to a quality 5/8th plywood subfloor.Our
Flooring	cement coating. I want to color the concrete apron in front of my garage. I tried Glidden floor paint and it didn't last. Â One 
Flooring	bamboo or oak flooring. I plan to cover a radiant-heating concrete floor that is about 12 years old. Â The floor is just above g
Flooring	dogs and flooring. Hey:  We have a puppy and an old dog, both of which pee on our floor which is carpet. Â We want to replace th
Flooring	Tiling an existing kitchen. Hi, in a typical kitchen with vinyl flooring, is it common practice to remove the lower kitchen cab
Flooring	laminate and linoleum. Dear Patrick,   Â I am installing laminate flooring (the type where the planks snap together). Â After pul
Flooring	grout problem with bluestone patio. We had our bluestone patio grouted today with what the company called their usual gray ceme
Flooring	tile and wood flooring. Hi , thank you for being here, your help is greatly appreciated.  Â I'll be brief and direct.  Â I have a
Flooring	Laying ceramic tiles to a steel deck. I have a large very well troddon on area of steel deck that is uneven and subjected to va
Flooring	Carpet pad  removal. We tore out a carpet and the pad left a glue-like substance on the floor. how do we get it off. The floors
Flooring	Porcelian tile installation advice needed. Hi Patrick,  I am about to tile 50 sqm of polished porcelain tiles, 400 x 400. I'm n
Flooring	Saltillo tiles. We installed approximately 1,000 sq. ft. of saltillo tiles 16 years ago. Â They came prestained and presealed fr
Flooring	Tile: where floor meets wall. Perry- Basement bathroom,I will not attempt to tile:12 square ceramic on the concrete floor, whi
Flooring	grout choice for honed travertine. I am getting ready to have my master bathroom shower tiled and need to know the right kind o
Flooring	Leveling wood floor for linoleum. I have ripped up the sheet linoleum that was on my kitchen floor. There is plywood on the flo
Flooring	Humidity. Just installed new 3/4 in. Hardwood and was wondering what should the ideal humidity be in my house year round? I hav
Flooring	citronella spill on patio pavers. Hello Bill, We had a beautiful patio installed with pavers, unfortunately a citronella candle
Flooring	Buckling of Ceramic Tile. We had an ice maker leak in our step down bar. Â The tile in the hall way behind it has buckled. Â Can 
Flooring	urine odor from cracked vct. I am an Operations Manager for a franchise commercial cleaning company, in which I have a daycare 
Flooring	bathroom subfloor. Hello-  I just gutted a small bathroom (about 5'X 5' + shower alcove) in the upper level of an old (1930s/40
Flooring	grout problems. We bought an old house and have restored it from top to bottom. Â I put in ceramic tile (for the first time) in 
Flooring	flooring. I am installing 3/4 hardwood floor. Can I use a pnumatic gun using 2in. long staples with a 1/2 crown? Or do I have
Flooring	Oil based polyurethane on hardwood floors. About 2 weeks ago I got my hardwood floors sanded to bare wood, stained and refinish
Flooring	Grout off travertine. Hi -- This is one more question related to the kitchen that was partially grouted. Â When I sealed the are
Flooring	iron damaged to carpet. I iron the shirt which made the carpet be ironed too.  Unfortunately, second damage which was done by m
Flooring	tile over existing flooring. Can slate or ceramic tile be laid on top of an existing vinyl flooring? Â This old flooring is firm
Flooring	Installation mistake. A contractor installed pine flooring with 2 sheetrock screws that are set into the joists. When it was t
Flooring	bamboo floor. As I read thru the bamboo flooring web sites everyone says it is harder than oak and all positive verbage, but my
Flooring	cleaning Swanstone Shower Pans. can you tell me what products are best for cleaning Swanstone shower pans? Â I have one Cornflow
Flooring	stripping mexican tle. Bill,  Thank you for your quick response. Â I am located in South Florida. Â Removing the tile is not an o
Flooring	Flooring for handicapped. I am in my wheelchair when cooking, but for going from room to room, I use a walker with wheels on th
Flooring	slab/old radiant/old 9x9 tiles. QUESTION: Hi Perry, Sick to my stomach with worry and what to do next.We have a concrete/slab l
Flooring	How to Prep Concrete Foundation For laminate Flooring. I just removed ceramic tile, carpeting, and carpet tack strips from my c
Flooring	tile VS wood VS laminate. I am trying to find the best solution for my home. I live in south Florida. The home is on a concrete
Flooring	prepping floor for ceramic tiles. We have pulled up are old carpet to install tile. Â Part of the prep work is getting up the ol
Flooring	Porcelain tile not level. HELP --- I literally have a tile guy returning to my home this a.m. to complete installation of 18x18
Flooring	floor expansion. If the answer to your last question is correct about expansion of floors over 80 suare feet, how do you see th
Flooring	marble-sealant-grout. Hi, I am renovating my kitchen and just had a polished marble floor put down. Â The installer said it was 
Flooring	Slate 12x12 tile. Hi Perry I'd like to install slate under a cast iron tub. My floor is concrete. Is there anything I should kn
Flooring	Fixing water damaged hardwood tile floor. A window was accidentally left open during a recent storm, leading to water sitting o
Flooring	Joists are 24. I plan to install ceramic tile in my kitchen. Â There is an existing vinyl floor with luon underneath and a 3/4 
Flooring	Marble Grout. I am having 18 x18 white marble installed in my bedroom. They finished the installation yesterday and are ready t
Flooring	Installing Carpet Over Tile?. Hello -  My living room floor is finished in Saltillo Tile, with 3/4 grout between each tile.  I
Flooring	problems with wood floor splintering and crakcing. I have a splintering and cracking problem with my wood floor. Â The floor was
Flooring	Grout. Hi i just did a Reno in my bathroom and installed tiles around my wall in the shower. I used none sanded grout for my ti
Flooring	putting carpet over granite. HELLO, I AM LOOKING TO PUT WALL TO WALL CARPETING OVER MY GRANITE FLOOR WITHOUT DESTROYING MY GRAN
Flooring	Hardwood Floor Sub-floor Material. We plan to install Brazilian walnut hardwood in the living and dining area of our 1970 home.
Flooring	wood or pergo floor over radiant tile. We have a sunroom that we plan to convert to a formal dining room. Â To that end, we woul
Flooring	carpet corn rowing. I have Stainmaster carpet installed a year ago that showed a premature wear pattern in areas that receive
Flooring	wood flooring on new slab construction. Dave, we have purchased a new-construction condo. Â I have a good friend in the flooring
Flooring	remove existing tiles floor & replace.... Wondering what the approximate cost would be to REMOVE & Dispose of existing tiles(mo
Flooring	Two Further Questions. Re ceramic tile flooring. QUESTION: I have alrady received an answer from someone else but it is Â much t
Flooring	help with travertine sealer that bubbled. QUESTION: We have 16 by 16 travertine tiles just installed in our house. The tile ma
Flooring	Uneven Transition: Laminate to Tile. I had someone flatten the concrete floor, then installed the laminate. Â The T-molding work
Flooring	selling installed carpets. Hello,  This may be the weirdest questions that you get but here goes. I am building a new house (in
Flooring	white methylated spirits stain on slate. I have spilt methylated spirits (containing 95% Ethanol) onto my lacquered slate floor
Flooring	resurfacing existing tile. Before I go out and obligate myself to tearing out all my floor tile to replace it, is there a proce
Flooring	Slate on front porch steps and porch and back covered porch. Multicolored Slate from Dal-Tile being installed outdoors at house
Flooring	Tile. We are remodeling our bathroom and found a pretty travertine tile. Â I had decided on porcelain but haven't found one I re
Flooring	hardwood fooring. I'm putting hardwood floors throughout our house, and I'm wondering what I should use to seal it after I stai
Flooring	is it a good idea. im redewing my bathroom and sometimes the dogs go pee in there and we were going to lay down tile but undern
Flooring	Meritage builder series. QUESTION: A flooring contractor showed us a sample of Meritage Brazilian Cherry in their builder serie
Flooring	Shower problems. I had a new tile shower installed about 1.5 years ago. Within a few months grout started to deteriorate in the
Flooring	mortar on bluestone. QUESTION: Dave, I recently had a bluestone landing, some steps and a path installed. The masons left Â larg
Flooring	stair transition to floating floor. hi John - I'm laying a floating floor, click-lock cork. At one point, it transitions to a d
Flooring	Outdoor porcelain tile installation. We have built a bar for our outside deck(We live in Ohio). Â It is made out of treated lumb
Flooring	Leaning to hardwood - lams aren't way to go. Since you feel laminate pretty much ...isn't worth the gas to bring it home and 
Flooring	cleaning scratches on natural travertine tile floor. QUESTION: Hello and thank you for taking my questions. My husband and I re
Flooring	Laminate vs Tile. I would like to upgrade my flooring in the main level which includes about 1000 sqft of kitchen, a bathroom, 
Flooring	flooring question. Hello:  In my basement, which is finished, the wood flooring in the kitchen area is wobbly because the cemen
Flooring	tile prep. I'm installing an onyx backsplash in my kitchen area. some installers have told me to soak the tile in water prior t
Flooring	Grout For Ceramics. Good morning Perry.....  About 6 months ago my wife and I moved into a new home. Â The kitchen and eating ar
Flooring	Quarter round - pre-drill or finish nailer??. This is one of the many contradictions I am seeing when learning about hardwood f
Flooring	removing travertine. I am removing a travertine floor in my kitchen to put in wood. The cabinets and  island are on top of the 
Flooring	laying tile new subfloor. QUESTION: Hi there We have just built a new addition 10x12 mudroom off of a 19x24 master bedroom we l
Flooring	travertine. hi,im going to lay travertine to my ground level rooms..living room, hall, dining room and kitchen. going onto a co
Flooring	Hardwood vs Carpet. My husband and I just purchased an old home in the country. Â We are remodeling and updating. Â This home has
Flooring	Porcelain tile installtion methods. What is the best method of installing Porcelain tile on a kitchen floor. Â We were givin 2 q
Flooring	Stripping Whitewashed Saltillo Tiles. We're in the process of remodeling our kitchen and want to keep the existing Saltillo til
Flooring	Application of gaged marble. I want to use gaged marble for covering a wood platform, covered with hardibacker to support a 300
Flooring	laminate versus hardwood. I just spoke to a flooring contractor to get a quote on wood flooring. Â He suggested that I install W
Flooring	Replacing Bathroom Floor. Thanks for your prompt response Perry. I considered tiling over the top but it raises additional prob
Flooring	Squeaky Floor. Hi Bryan,  I live in a second floor condo. Â I am suffering from the very very loud squeaky noise from the unit a
Flooring	Installing hardwood floor in kitchen. Hi,  I am planning to install new hardwood floors in my kitchen without removing the exis
Flooring	Replacing Tile. Just started to remove old tile in small bathroom. Â The house is 60 years old  and I think the tile may be abou
Flooring	Prepping floors and walls for tiling. QUESTION: Multi-question. I have stripped the current tile and underlaying cement from th
Flooring	The sound barrier backing to laminated floor. My dad and I are to put 385sqft of glueless laminated floor on concrete. Does is 
Flooring	De-hazing tile. How do you make an at-home solution to de-haze ceramic tile? Â Is it 50%  vinegar and 50% water?
Flooring	laminate floors which direction to install. We are installing Laminate Flooring throughout the whole house (except bathrooms) a
Flooring	Flooring in unheated Breezeway. I live in CT and have a closed in, but unheated breezeway. Â What type of flooring would work be
Flooring	ceramic tile saeler. We just bought a new house and have tile in it. I have heard different opinions if I should seal the grout
Flooring	12x12 finished marble tile. I installed some of the above tile, and have a few small spots of mortar on the face. It's a high g
Flooring	repair or replace?. I took up my wall to wall carpet and there were hardwood floor under it. Â I would like to keep the hardwood
Flooring	Type of Flooring. I am looking to replace the carpet in my home. Â I am needing a durable surface as I have a cat with a sensiti
Flooring	good carpet?. Below is the specs of the carpet we bought. Â I am wondering if you feel it will wear well with small kids? Â While
Flooring	Kitchen Ceramic Tile. QUESTION: We had a new kitchen floor installed. Â Apparently, the tile was not cleaned, and the tile and g
Flooring	Mixing sizes of ceramic tile on a kitchen floor. I would like to know if I can use 2 sizes of tile (ceramic) on my kitchen floo
Flooring	Outdoor Tile over Existing Concrete Patio. First of all, thank you for being there to help. Â To date I have been to tile stores
Flooring	carpet color. Hello,  Is a carpet colored by continuous dyeing bad? Â The carpet is a light beige color and I read that continuo
Flooring	want to lighten a brick foyer. Hi Bill, My house is a center hall colonial built in 1958 and it has a dark brick floor in the f
Flooring	Tile in shower grout looks wet. We recently had some bathroom work done. the tub was removed and put in a walk in shower. howev
Flooring	Squeeks under Carpet Runner. Hi Chris, I have a couple squeeks on a couple stairs right under the carpet runner. I thought to d
Flooring	BR111 Tigerwood and Amendoim. Thanks for your quick reply. Â I guess the only question I have left would be the advantages/disad
Flooring	mexican tile sealing. I have just resealed my Mexican tile with an OIL based sealer, as I have always done. This time in a FEW 
Flooring	Tile Over Occupied Space. Hi Chris, I read your answer to the waterproofing a deck over an occupied space question. You recomme
Flooring	cleaning mortar residue off driveway. hi- our contractor was quite messy = there are large white areas on concrete driveway - i
Flooring	epoxy floor. dear Harvey  Â Â Â Â Â I recently put a clear, two part epoxy down on a concrete floor in a machine shop. Now we are th
Flooring	lamante flooring. QUESTION: ok i had a co put down quick step lamented flooring ,i had three rooms done,all floors are not comp
Flooring	carpet to tile transition over cement after installation. We have a 7x3 tiled area next to our patio door with carpet on opposi
Flooring	About Flooring. I would like to know about the combination of Vertified tiles with Granites. We selected Black galaxy granite f
Flooring	ceramic tile. i stripped the wax off the ceramic tile because it was peeling. now it has no gloss at all and anytime you walk o
Flooring	Tile to Carpet and Laminate transition. Good Afternoon,   I recently had tile and laminate installed in my home. in one bathroo
Flooring	Kitchen remodel. QUESTION: I have stripped a dining room and kitchen of two layers of lino, and one of plywood from the origina
Flooring	New Carrera kitchen countertops. Hi Perry, I just moved into a new condo last week, which has brand new carrera (white with gre
Flooring	removing tile installing cork. Hi Dave,  I would like to remove the ceramic tile on my kitchen floor and install cork flooring.
Flooring	Carpeting. QUESTION: I need to buy carpeting for an 800 sq. ft. rental unit I own. Â I have looked at a few and especially like 
Flooring	Black mould on skirting board. Hi, I'm not sure if you can help me, but I'm not sure who else to approach. I have noticed damp/
Flooring	Carpet Pile Height. I had new saxony carpeting installed in my home about a week ago and I noticed that it didn't feel as plush
Flooring	Is it practical/possible to have a tile inlay installed into an existing hardwood floor?. Dear Bryan, We have 2.5 inch oak hard
Flooring	Shower walk off. We have a commercial building with locker rooms and showers that exit directly into the locker room where ther
Flooring	Grout Excess. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I have do
Flooring	How can I darken tumbled tile?. We recently put in New Venetian Gold granite and would like to do a dark brown backsplash. Â We 
Flooring	commercial carpet specs. My church is making plans to replace carpet in the hall of our senior citizen building. Need spec for 
Flooring	Need help buying carpet. How would I determine in square yards the amount of carpet necessary to cover my living room. It is 15
Flooring	Dirty Tile. My SIL laid commercial vinyl tile in a small bathroom in their business and never sealed or waxed and now its track
Flooring	Heaving cracks in concrete basement floor. Our home, built in 1970, has 60 foot pine tree about 5 feet from foundation. Previou
Flooring	Oil vs Water based Poly. I have red oak, high traffic area, just had resanded and stained a dark color . which is more durable 
Flooring	Installation of hardwood floors. We are purchasing a new home and red oak floors are being installed. There  are spaces large e
Flooring	Polished 20x20 rectified tile. Hello:  We are thinking of getting 20x20 porcelain rectified tiles. Â We found one tile we love a
Flooring	Removing thin set from tile. I had 20 x 20 tiles delam from a gypcrete substrate when the radiant heat tubing leaked (baseboa
Flooring	install laminate flooring but really bad squeaky floor. Ok. I check it very closely. Wall is not the problem as it is atleast 1
Flooring	Bamboo Floating Floor. Bryan, I have installed a large living room floor (red oak 5/8's) with nailer. I would like to use a bam
Flooring	particle board flooring. we have a 3600 sq. ft. rough cabin that is approximately 20 years old, the floors throughout the cabin
Flooring	paint on slatestone. Our (22 year-old) fireplace's hearth is topped with slatestone that has at least two coats of paint. Â I us
Flooring	Black slate floor. Hi!  I just moved into a house with a 1970's remodel. Â Parts of the black slate floor and grout are turning 
Flooring	Size of tile for small powder room. I have a small powder room 4 feet by 5 feet. Â I want to install tile. Â I am looking at 13 X
Flooring	hardwood floor meets Harley Davidson. While removing the sad carpet in my newly purchased home, I found hardwood. In the middle
Flooring	floor transitions. I hope you can help me. I am volunteering at a church that is in need of transition pieces,transitioning fro
Flooring	carpet pooling. Chris , I had Polyester plush carpet installed in my living room , steps , hall, bedrooms , after 2/3 months ha
Flooring	Removing sealer from ceramic tile. Hi Bill: My contractor recently laid ceramic tile in my kitchen. The craftmanship is beautif
Flooring	Marble over ditra mat. I think the schluter ditra installation handbook is telling me to install two layers of OSB below the di
Flooring	Verified Tiles vs Marble. Hello,  I would like to know which floor (Verified Tiles or Marble) will keep the atmosphere cooler. 
Flooring	flooring. We have cement slab..not even..how do we make it even and we want cabin effect..cheap..we have some slate we would li
Flooring	putting tile or stone on top of a cracked cement patio. Harvey - I live outside of Atlanta, GA. I have a patio that is a concre
Flooring	Prefinished hardwood floor durability. I have a client that has recently purchased a condo with prefinished wood floors. Â They 
Flooring	Grout. Jim, I finished a tile floor in my kitchen and put down the grout (Polyblend-Custom Building Products-Sandstone color) y
Flooring	carpet on top of carpet-fire dangers. recent CSI episode showed new carpet over older carpet with flammable matarials construct
Flooring	Engineered flooring on stairs. I am installing 3/8 thick engineered flooring on our stairs with a stringer on one side and a m
Flooring	slate to carpet transition. QUESTION: we have installed real slate throughout the entry wall and hallway of our house, however,
Flooring	gap width for marble tiles. I saw marble tiles lay so close to each other, hardly any grout in between... I am going to lay mar
Flooring	laminate floor as a cure for mold. We have a house which is exhibiting widespread mold staining on the carpet. We intend to str
Flooring	Laminate and transition pieces at thresholds. I've gotten two quotes to put in some Armstrong Laminate flooring in Yorkshire Wa
Flooring	Engineered Wood Flooring. I have just installed engineered hardwood floors on concrete. I used a high quality underlayment. I c
Flooring	Bathroom tile keeps popping up, help!!!!!!!!!. Damaged floor Â Floor during third ins Â  Dear Chris, I live in an apartment compl
Flooring	Grout haze removal. My husband installed grout in our kitchen. Â The tile has an uneven surface and is unsealed. He did not wipe
Flooring	homasote on floors. I have a pantry with only a small crawl space underneath a wood plank floor. It is not insulated. Is using 
Flooring	Tile in Bathromm. QUESTION: Is there someway to keep tile from being so cold in a bathroom? I have electric central heat. And a
Flooring	Grout Recoloring. Good Morning I am in the process of updating my grout (I have a 1800 sq ft condo--all tile) While I have cl
Flooring	Vinyl Enhanced Tile. QUESTION: I recently had vinyl ehanced tile installed into a commercial building, but am noticing raised a
Flooring	picking a stain color for red hardwood floors. Hello  I currently have 600 sq ft of red oak with a white finish. We are refinis
Flooring	floor tile in bathroom. master bath I am building a new house and in the process of deciding on tile for the guest bath room fl
Flooring	Painting Hardwood Laminate. QUESTION: Hello,  We just purchased a house. Â The floor is hardware but it looks somewhat discolore
Flooring	slate tiles on floor and shower. Hi, I am in the midst of remodeling my small upstairs bathroom. Â When choosing tile, I went wi
Flooring	adhesive removal.... My original kitchen flooring was linoleum tile over concrete. That was removed, floor was cleaned and cera
Flooring	travertine tile, grout and caulking. I am getting so confused trying to do research on travertine installation. Â I need help!!!
Flooring	Tack Strips. I have tack strips installed in my door openings. Needless to say the nails are coming through the carpet. What is
Flooring	carpet install on questionable concrete. I'd like to install carpeting on concrete in my basement. Â There are no water problems
Flooring	Tile over terrazzo floor.. How to instal marble tile over terrazzo floor that has moisture.
Flooring	marble floor grout method. what is the proper method of marble grouting technique
Flooring	High Gloss Ceramic Tile Grouting. With 12 High Gloss Tile spaced at 3/8 which grout should I use, Sanded or Non-Sanded. I am 
Flooring	Tile with vinyl and luan underlayment. QUESTION: I had my kitchen tiled last year and now I'm having problems with tiles and gr
Flooring	floor grout removal. Hello I put in new title floors and grouted them. On one of the floors I did not clean the grout off right
Flooring	Boston Leveling. Have you ever heard the term boston leveling used with vinyl tile replace on concrete slabs? Â I think its 
Flooring	Berber carpet seams on stairs. Chris,   I am considering installing carpet on the stairs leading to our basement (which I am fi
Flooring	Shower tiles going dark when wet.. We live in a 3yr old house, the builders came in for the first 2 yrs fixing the tiles in the
Flooring	Laminate Floor Underlay. I am installing 12mm laminate flooring with a 2mm attached underlay. Will  the 2mm underlay provide AN
Flooring	carpet  gluing. QUESTION: I live in a condo in Victoria,b.c. We are replacing the carpet throughout the building. A salesperson
Flooring	best bathroom flooring material. Dear Perry,  There are three considerations we have for choosing a bathroom flooring  material
Flooring	securing cement backer board. I was told by a contractor to avoid hitting the joists when securing cement backer board. (preven
Flooring	Lusterless tile. Hi Ron:  I just laid porcelain tile and although I love the tile, it has a matte finish. Is there any way of i
Flooring	Replacing mobile home floors to accommodate tile. QUESTION: Hi Chris.....Don't know if you remember me, but you were very helpf
Flooring	polished marble master bath. QUESTION: I'm getting all kind of conficting advice dependent upon who comes to the house to bid t
Flooring	transitioning from tile to hardwood floor. We are installing hardwood floor and I don't like the looks of the transition strips
Flooring	duraceramic installation. We are looking at installing duracmeramic in a bathroom and are wondering if it is necessary to use u
Flooring	Ceramic tile in basement with cracks in concrete slab. My full finished basement recently flooded in heavy rain. Â Pulled up the
Flooring	Colour/dye existing grout. QUESTION: This is a 2-part question. Â The first part is a make do with Â for the present,  the seco
Flooring	hardwood floor installation. Bryan,  We have a 1970, 2-level house with a concrete slab under the first level. Â We have been ta
Flooring	kitchen floor problems. QUESTION: Hello,  We had a friend with experience in laying tile guide us in installing our kitchen f
Flooring	cornrowing. The inspection report on my Stainmaster carpeting has come back as cornrowing and Invista has declined the claim by
Flooring	Whirlpool tub skirt tile question.. Hi,  I'm installing porcelin tile around a whirlpool bath which has been framed with 3/4 p
Flooring	pocelain tile on outdoor deck/roof. QUESTION: Jim, My house was built in 1973 with a tile deck(laid on a thick mudbed on top of
Flooring	recomendation for type of carpet and padding. We are going to replace our carpeting in two rooms. Â Our main concern is the livi
Flooring	kitchen brick flooring. I have a brick floor in my kitchen and after an acid clean and then a floor  finish so it would be easi
Flooring	floor tiles - maintenance. Hello, I have a floor tile maintenance question. We installed dark brown tiles in our kitchen/living
Flooring	allure vinyl flooring. I just removed the flooring in the bathroom which was vinyl lineolium which was glued down, on particle 
Flooring	Floor preparation for porcelean tile installation. I am preparing to replace my basement floor with porcelean tile. Â The old fl
Flooring	outside carpet. we ahve an area 8X8 that has outdoor carpet on it( really in bad shape) this on cement can we lay indoor outdoo
Flooring	Cleaning Bluestone. I just read your response to a question that stated it is best to seal Bluestone prior to installation. Â I 
Flooring	Carpet. When installing carpet should the carpet people change their Â dirty shoes when working on the carpet ? What is the norm
Flooring	Seams in carpet. I just had new carpet installed. Â I my hallway which is roughly 18 feet long. I have 4 different seams. Â I tho
Flooring	Dirty Saltillo tile. Saltillo Tile Hi Bill, I have a type of saltillo tile called New York White. Â I stupidly sanded it to try 
Flooring	Mexican Tile restoration. We have a 25 year-old Mexican tile floor (approx.800 sq. ft. over several areas of 8X8 tiles) which c
Flooring	repair concrete slab.. Hi   Â Â Â I have concrete sub-flooring under my carpet in my Condo. Â It's a floor on the second story of t
Flooring	rug or carpet. Hi- I just read how carpets are made. Am I missing something, or are rugs made about five times better? My mediu
Flooring	new grout is white..... Hi Michael, I'm hoping you can help me to figure this out..... I just had new tile and grout installed 
Flooring	Installing marble base. How do you do the outside and inside corners? Â With wood, easy. Â But, with stone?? Â  I am doing a hallw
Flooring	Ceramic tile on a floor with high moisture. I live in Houston, near the gulf, so my house is on a floating slab. I was looking 
Flooring	Post Vinyl Flooring Install. Just got finished installing vinyl flooring throughout my house. Because I replaced carpet the flo
Flooring	door drags on carpet. Hi, we just had new carpet installed. Â Now the french doors to the outside drag on the carpet. Â Have you 
Flooring	grout. Dear Bill, I sure hope you can Â help me with this unusual question. Â We just had new tile and grout installed in our kit
Flooring	Bathroom caulk color. caulk Â  I am trying to match the caulk color around our tub. Attached is a photo showing two different ca
Flooring	REMOVING PATCH & GLUE FROM CERAMIC TILES. I WOULD LIKE ANY INFORMATION ON HOW TO REMOVE PATCH AND GLUE FROM CERAMIC TILES. I HA
Flooring	flooring. I have carpet in bedrooms and in great room and ceramic tiles in hallway, foyer dining %26 kitchen. Â I live in Southe
Flooring	tile installation prep. We are getting ready to install tile in our bathroom. Â The floor looks like it what 1/2 in wood planks 
Flooring	cat odor. I own several apartment buildings and I would like to ask you about a problem I have with tenants who own cats. Â It s
Flooring	Handling transition between two rooms with tile floor. QUESTION: I just completed laying porcelain tile in the second room of m
Flooring	Grout re-coloring. Michael, We want to change grout colors on our 4x4 wall tile in bathroom. Â Tile and grout is about 20 years 
Flooring	brazilian cherry floor stain. I am remodeling my kitchen and have installed Brazillian Cherry floors. Â I have chosen a dark woo
Flooring	Grout colour too light. We've just instoled travertina gress porcelanato tiles lapata finish (almond) and choose cement base gr
Flooring	matching new to existing tile. We are looking to replace the carpet that came in the house with tile. The wet areas are alrea
Flooring	concrete floor prep for ceramic tile. Hi Perry  I am on a concrete slab and looking at installing 12x12 ceramic tiles on the sl
Flooring	concrete floor that sweats. We have a lower level (basement) and we are wanting to carpet the floors. Mainly in the lower bedro
Flooring	Concrete sealer removal. I have a 600sqft are of exterior concrete with a C&H silicone acrylic concrete sealer applied several 
Flooring	sanded grout used in wrong area. QUESTION: I just had a back splash put in my kitchen. Â The contractor used 2x4 travertine subw
Flooring	grout uneveness. Grout was installed 6 months ago for a marble tiled floor. Â In several small spots, the grout was not smoothed
Flooring	Grout Sealers. Any suggestions on the best products to use for sealing non-sanded white grout with marble tile? THANKS! MIKE
Flooring	floor buckling. I have carpet over old hardwood floor that buckles from humidity each summer I am thinking of replacing carpet 
Flooring	mold in caulk. My husband wipes the shower down,but then hangs the wet towel over the shower door. Then he wonders why we have 
Flooring	parquet flooring. I purchased a house in town about 3 years ago, that I rent to tenants. The previous owners enclosed the garag
Flooring	vinyl tile flooring, dricore and concrete. QUESTION: I want to put a subfloor on my concrete and then lay Mannington Adura viny
Flooring	glue. i just bought a home w/gluedown carpet on concrete stairs,outside .i took the carpet up but am having a very difficult ti
Flooring	Repair or regrout tile floor.... Just bought a house and the grout in the foyer is very stained and dirty. My initial thought w
Flooring	water damaged pergo to be replaced by vinyl stick tiles. My dishwasher broke and water flooded my kitchen floor. Â I have pergo 
Flooring	How to clean travertine bathrooms. Thank you for your reply.  Yes, the travertine was sealed after the grout was applied. I hav
Flooring	Slate for Outside Deck in Cold Weather?. I want to build a concrete deck and cover it with slate tiles ........ Â I am concerned
Flooring	carpet, baseboard installation. Recently had a flooded basement. Had to remove the wet, damaged carpeting,padding and baseboard
Flooring	Carpet Selection for install without pad. Sir,  We are going to be living on a boat for a while and need to replace the carpet 
Flooring	porcelain tile with hollow sound when tapped. QUESTION: what causes a hollow sound on tapping a porcelain tile applied on a con
Flooring	Crackling vinyl or linoleum floor. We had a Congoleum Ultima vinyl floor installed about 2 months ago over the top of an existi
Flooring	Stripping, Staining & Re-Sealing Mexican Tile. Hi Bill, My husband and I just recently bought a house with about 1700 square fe
Flooring	Carpet fading. My carpet does not have a lot of traffic and without small children or pets living in the home spills are not a 
Flooring	Carpet Tape. I have a rug with a rubber backing and I want it to stick to my carpet. Â I have regular carpet tape that I bought 
Flooring	laying peel and stick over linoleum. My kitchen floor gets allot of traffic as a second living space and it's hard to keep the 
Flooring	flooring after cabinets??. i am roughly half way through a kitchen remodel in my home and would like your professional opinion 
Flooring	Big tile/grout mistake. Hi, My wife and I tiled our kitchen backsplash with 1x1 natural slate tiles that come on a mesh backe
Flooring	Ataching tack strip to contrete. My 25 year old house is built on a concrete slab. Â I had to remove a few feet of carpet tack s
Flooring	floor for 2nd floor. QUESTION: hello, Â i am moving into a co-op in atlanta which is an older building. Â i'm not sure how long i
Flooring	Concrete Floor. Perry, I'm considering going to concrete flooring. Â I live in a single story slab  foundation. Â Would I just pu
Flooring	baseboard for marble floors. What do contractors use as baseboard when installing 18x18 marble? Is it  easier to use wood or ca
Flooring	Konecto flooring does it work for us. We recently buy 270ft of Konecto flooring online, when our floor arrived we it only inclu
Flooring	fixing grout color that is wrong. I just had a new tile floor in my kitchen installed. The floor is great but the grout is a me
Flooring	Terrazo floor. Dear Bill, I have rented a house with terrazzo floors and am having trouble getting it clean. There are rust sta
Flooring	Carpet Installation on Stairs and Hall. Hall Diagram and Stair John, I have 2 questions regarding carpet installation on our br
Flooring	cheap but durable flooring for plywood. I'm having a bit of a financial problem at the moment but the floors in my house desper
Flooring	cleaning concrete in preparation for sealing. hi Chris - I want to apologize for not rating your last reply to me. (preparatio
Flooring	porcelain tile installation - subfloor. Michael, I would like to install 12x12 porcelain tiles in a hallway and bathroom. The s
Flooring	stained tile. hello,  I recently tiled a wall with an off white subway tile with a crackle finish, in the tile  design there is
Flooring	LAMINATE WOOD FLOORING. I WILL BE INSTALLING NEW LAMINATE WOOD FLOORING IN MY HOME THIS WEEKEND.CAN YOU GIVE ME ANY POINTERS ON
Flooring	new grouting/not color chosen. We just had new stone tile put in and the the grout color did not darken to the color we picked 
Flooring	Corner soap dish. Just wondering what the two holes on the back-side of one side of the corner soap dish is for.
Flooring	vinyl flooring. We are looking at flexitec vinyl flooring. Â Three bids said that they float the floor and one said that they us
Flooring	Pasco Liner & 1. QUESTION: Jim,   I will truly appreciate your time, if you can address this dilemma -   My installer placed 1/
Flooring	Grout Stains. Shower Floor with clos Â  QUESTION: My master bathroom was recently remodeled using porcelain tile (in the shower,
Flooring	TILE OVER RADIANT HEAT. I have a new 20x35 addition in which I would like to install tile on the floor. The floor consists of 3
Flooring	Granite vs. Poreclain for kitchen. We have a large EIK (700 sq ft) including powder room and entry way that is now lineoleum. W
Flooring	flooring. How does one find out what type of flooing their 2nd floor outdoor balcony has? Â I have had a contractor come out and
Flooring	damaged marble flooring by acids. how to maintain damaged marble flooring by acids. what material should be used on it to preve
Flooring	no-slip. We recently installed slate tiles on our back porch area - we used a gloss sealer and enhancer on the slate. Â The slat
Flooring	Tiles for kitchen floor. I have a kitche floor that is 12x14 to be tile and 2x4 area not to be tile, using 12x12 tile how many 
Flooring	carpet on lanoliem removal. we have carpet that is glued down to lanoliem. and the lanoliem is glued down to plywood. we want t
Flooring	Sealing & cleaning travertine floors. We have just had a travertine floor installed in our home. The stone is unfilled with chi
Flooring	Saltillo Tile Strippinng and sealing. QUESTION: Bill We are totally frustrated with a not so bright restoration company. Â We ha
Flooring	Paint Color Selection For A Small Bathroom. Hello, all. I'm remodeling a small bathroom in my house. It's ~7'6X5'0, and it's 
Flooring	Concrete staining carpet. QUESTION: We carpeted our basement rooms over a poured concrete slab.In one room, the carpet is turni
Flooring	Grey cement grout  made by mapei has turned white in areas. I have a construction cleaning company, and we cleaned a 10,000 sq.
Flooring	bathroom floor drain over radiant. Jim, I want to create a whole-floor shower pan in a 6x8 bathroom that will only occasionally
Flooring	Engineered wood over concrete. I have a concrete slab and we are changing out carpet. I paid Lowes to do a moisture test and i 
Flooring	sealing tile. Hi, have laid dowm quarry tile on my floor.Do I need to preseal it before grouting or can I do it afterwards? tha
Flooring	hardwood flooring. I'm interested in some type of cherry hardwood flooring for our living room and what I like is the Braziliam
Flooring	BASEMENT FLOOR. NEED TO PUT NEW FLOOR IN BASEMENT PLAYROOM. Â OCCASIONALLY GET SOME WATER PUDDLES ON THE FLOOR. CURRENTLY HAVE S
Flooring	vinyl floor tiles. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  After installing these tiles (self-adhering) over a prop
Flooring	Stone flooring. Hello Michael, I took over the maintenance of a building that has new stone tile flooring. It appears to be s
Flooring	how long for carpet to come in?. We are 99% done with getting our basement finished. It's about time as it is August 16, 2004 a
Flooring	New tile grout. Hello Michael, I have just had 900 sq. ft. of 18 tile installed in my home. I did not do it myself, I had prof
Flooring	Replace underlayment/subfloor. Hi David, I am replacing all the flooring in a home I just bought and found the particle board u
Flooring	REquest for your advice. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Dear Sir,   Could you please advice me how to do t
Flooring	Laminate Durability. QUESTION: I live in the woods. Â Although it is just my husband and myself with 3 small  dogs that reside i
Flooring	laying travertine tile. im a DIY and am gonna be laying about 1300 sq feet of travertine tile. Â it will be layed on a cement sl
Flooring	cleaning paint on slate. I've recently painted my house using some water based paint products. Â But after I finished I noticed 
Flooring	selecting colors for molding and hard wood floring. QUESTION: I need information on how to chose colors for molding and hard wo
Flooring	Optimum direction for laying hardwood floors. Hi, thanks in advance. Â Planning to install hardwoods in 3 connecting spaces (Hal
Flooring	heating ceramic floors. Hello! I am considering having ceramic tile installed in my home, however, I don't like how cold it fee
Flooring	peel-n-stick vinyl tile. I saw on a home improvement show, for vinyl tile they had a peel-n-stick grout that outlined the til
Flooring	Stripping and Refinishing Saltillo Tile. Bill, Two years ago we purchased a home with Saltillo tile in the kitchen. The tile ha
Flooring	moisture in conc slab. On a commercial project (slab on grade, very granular-beach sand-soils, well draining, no vapor barrier)
Flooring	Porcelain tile installation. Can I install porcelain tile over vinyl laminate flooring on a concrete sub-floor, or do I have to
Flooring	Flooring. Chris We are thinking about replacing the old carpeting in our home. It is grey, low pile, original, approx. 30 years
Flooring	tileing over glued down indoor/outdoor carpet. When building our cottage nearly 15 yrs. ago we had a good grade of indoor out d
Flooring	Transitional wood edging. QUESTION: Hi, I just installed tile by a door that comes in from the garage. There is about 20 sq. fe
Flooring	Ceramic tile vs. marble flooring for bathroom. I am considering marble tile for my master bathroom floor. Â There are no childre
Flooring	Grouting tumbled marble backsplash. I have already installed my backsplash and now I am looking for the best way to grout it. I
Flooring	Installing trim pieces for Wilsonart Laminate Flooring. I'm installing Wilsonart Red Label 5 plank Dragon Cherry in my home. Â 
Flooring	Rubber carpet pad. We were looking at carpet for new construction, and the salesman highly reccommended rubber carpet pad. Â It 
Flooring	Travertine Installation in a bathroom including Shower Floors and Walls. We are installing 18x18 travertine tile in our bathr
Flooring	White ceramic tile. QUESTION: About 8 years ago, my husband redid our shower with all white ceramic 4x4 tiles. Â The tiles on th
Flooring	black spots on carpet. I have wall-to-wall white wool berber carpet. I have noticed some small black spots. What could they be?
Flooring	can you put thinset with acid wash directly over lino?. QUESTION: Our 1954 ranch had a finished basement which we have totally 
Flooring	Quarry/Mexican Tile & Grout Cleaning. 1925.JPG Â  1926.JPG Â  QUESTION: We have a red quarry/Mexican tile that has a light sheen.
Flooring	Sagging-shaking wood floor...level joists.. Why would a wood floor sag if the joists are level? Â The wood floor in our bedroom 
Flooring	basement remodel. We are planning a basement remodel and looking for a wood look floor. Â We had a water problem but has a b-dry
Flooring	Flooring Tile. Chris, Â thanks for taking and responding to my question. Â We are wanting to lay tile in our laundry room and kit
Flooring	swanstone shower floor cleaning. We installed the more expensive Swanstone shower pan one year ago. It quickly became soiled lo
Flooring	Tile floor on slab. After Superstorm Sandy our house was flooded with several inches of salt water and debris.  We have ceramic
Flooring	cleaning quarry tile and grout. 1925.JPG Â 1926.JPG Â  We have a red quarry/Mexican tile w/a bit of a sheen located in our enclos
Flooring	restore travertine floor project. QUESTION: Hi Don,   I recently purchased home which has travertine installed for the floor an
Flooring	asbestos glue?. Can asbestos glue seep up and be a threat? We have an older house with tile in the basement. Today, we noticed 
Flooring	VCT adhesive removal, ceramic install. We are removing a vinyl compostite tile floor due to water damage, and  installing ceram
Flooring	Worn Saltillo Tiles. Tile Â  I have 6 saltillo tiles that have worn spots from a ottoman being pushed back and forth over them. 
Flooring	flooring. What is the best flooring to have in a house with dogs and cats? Â The are ruining my carpet! Need something that will
Flooring	floodable flooring options. hi all. 3 months after buying a little camp/house on the bayou, Isaac brought 3 foot flooding. amon
Flooring	White Oak or Red Oak?. Probably comes up a million times, but I figured this needed a new thread.  Had 4 hardwood floors guys c
Flooring	best type of tongue and groove. hi,  I have seen many different styles of tongue and groove for laminate flooring. I have attac
Flooring	botched travertine when sealed. We had someone re-seal our travertine after three years and it looks like someone spilled somet
Flooring	Neo angle shower. Is there such an item to where I can create a pitched floor for a slab corner shower unit. I was told that th
Flooring	Substrate for Porcelean Tile. I am remodeling my 21 year old kitchen and am planning to install 18x18 porcelean tile - the ex
Flooring	Garage Floor. My garage floor was coated about twelve years ago with an epoxy product manufactured by Tennant Company. Â It is i
Flooring	claeaning terra cotta tile. I have terra cotta tile in my basement that I wanted to brighten and clean. It has various spots of
Flooring	heated tile floor cracking. We had our bathroom remodeled 7 years ago with new heated floor covered  with tile. Several months 
Flooring	what is under my carpet ?. My husband and i are in the process of purchasing a house. When we did the walk through we found a s
Flooring	Replacing Bathroom floor right down to the Joists. Hello Perry   I was going to have Home Depot put down a new vinyl floor in m
Flooring	Can Bamboo flooring survive high temperatures. I live in the Pheonix area and we are considering installing Bamboo flooring in 
Flooring	Re: Choosing Flooring. I currently have a honey oak Pergo in my kitchen and foyer. We now want a laminate flooring in our famil
Flooring	installing hexagonal tile over. I have a 2 21/2 condo that has a New Orleans feel to it. In my two bathrooms I want to install 
Flooring	Costs. I am located 40 miles morthwest of Philadelphia. In my first home I was fortunate to have a distant relative do my tile 
Flooring	Engineered American Walnut. We have been researching hardwood floors for about a year now. Â We are looking to install in our ki
Flooring	More on using marble outdoors. QUESTION: I read your response to Rowena on 5/31/2008 about using marble outdoors. I have two fo
Flooring	stripping mexican tile. Bill,  A few years ago I installed mexican tile in a rental unit. Â I whitewashed then sealed the tile b
Flooring	Marble Floor Spots. Perry, My wife and I just had a marble tile floor installed in our kitchen. The floor looks great from a di
Flooring	Engineered hardwood flooring; repair. is this the only, easiest, way to go about removing the marks... Â I have very little time
Flooring	carpeted cement floor. I have a thin carpet glued to a cement basement floor in my family room, i t is clean and does not smell
Flooring	tile sealing. Do all types of tiles have to be sealed?
Flooring	VCT in garage. QUESTION: We had old carpet in our garage taken out and VCT installed. It looked great. We waited 3 weeks to par
Flooring	Carpet New Install Crackling Noise. Hi. Â We just got a mid-high quality carpet installed in our living room (better quality) an
Flooring	tile floor leaching water from comcrete floor. why is water leaching from underneath certain tiles in my tile floor bathroom? Â 
Flooring	nylon or smart strand?. I have always used nylon carpet for it's wear and durability but recently I saw the smart strands sampl
Flooring	Hardwood/Asbestos Tiles. Good afternoon. Â I purchased a townhouse that was built in 1974. Â After moving in I removed all carpet
Flooring	carpet. We are wanting to replace the carpet in our family room (16X21). Â Our carpet is 10yrs old and looks good for the most p
Flooring	vinyl peel and stick. I'm rehabbing a manufactured home with OSB sub flooring.  I've pulled up 3 layers of vinyl, layered as sh
Flooring	self-stick tile adhesive removal. I removed self stick tile from a concrete floor. Â I am going to put down ceramic tile. Â Do I 
Flooring	Replacing floor with tar adhered to it. We have torn up a old carpet to find a layer of tile and another layer of linoleum. Â Th
Flooring	cracked travatine tiles. We had travatine tiles installed in May. Â They have cracked at the hardy backed board seams and our in
Flooring	VCT Flooring. Can VCT be installed over Hardi Backer? There is plywood base which is gouged/delaminated. We must use a fire rat
Flooring	Locking engineered flooring. Dear John - Thank you in advance for your help. Â I am a homeowner about to install a locking wood 
Flooring	replacing broken tiles in new kitchen. I have a new kitchen going in The tile was going to remain but there are a few broken pi
Flooring	laminate and stairs. QUESTION: Â HI there,   I have had much help from this site...hoping for more!     Laying 8.3mm + underlay 
Flooring	individual tread of carpet on spiral stairs. Thank you for your response. Â They are open stairs, and my idea was to wrap carpet
Flooring	Hardwood or laminate over tile. Can I have hardwood or laminate flooring installed over Mexican ceramic tile,  or must I remove
Flooring	Silicon Caulking Residue on Tile Floor. Hi Perry,  Â We installed 7500 sq/ft of porcelain tile and about every 20-30 ft we put M
Flooring	transition strips. I have layed ceramic tile over a cement floor. Â Now I am coming to the transition between the carpet and til
Flooring	tile removal and floor prep.. Dear Perry, My wife and I recently bought and are remodeling a small (2800 square foot) commercia
Flooring	rust on brick. I am going to paint my house soon but my brick chimney has some rust and I don't want to ruin my paint job by us
Flooring	konnecto sierra flooring. QUESTION: I recently had konnecto sierra flooring installed in my kitchen / dining area and bathrooms
Flooring	Grout film on slate tiles. Hello,  I've just had natural indian slate Sheera multi coloured modular tiles laid in my kitchen.  
Flooring	High Closs Polish. QUESTION: HI; I have inlaid vinyl in my kitch. Â I am going to strip it, and I want to put a high gloss mirro
Flooring	exterior slate tile steps. i want to install 12x12 slate tile over existing concrete steps. the problem is i can't get the last
Flooring	lifting/loose new tile ceramic. we had aprofessional put a new plywood 3/8 subfloor over an existing vinyl floor with subfloor 
Flooring	ceramic tile on slab. We are having our kitchen re-done and the new ceramic tile is not level on our slab. Our home is slab on 
Flooring	counter top tiles. I recently moved into home that has very porous ceramic tile on the Â counter tops. Â (kind of looks like tile
Flooring	choosing a laminate flooring. QUESTION: WE want to install a laminate floor in a craft room area we are making in our basement.
Flooring	new ceramic tiles loose and lifting. we had anew 3/8 wood subfloor put over old vinyl flooring. Wood screwed every 2 inches wi
Flooring	grout coloring/staining. I read an earlier Q&A about staining grout around marble tile but didn't see the answer I'm after. We 
Flooring	Laminate: post-installation problems. Eric -  We recently had a top grade laminate installed in an entryway, kitchen and small 
Flooring	Grout Repair. QUESTION: Hi Michael, I had my bathroom remodeled about two years ago with 12x12 carerra marble tiles. Â I now hav
Flooring	Removing old linoleum flooring. I am helping my grandfather remove some old flooring in a house that he just purchased. The hou
Flooring	flooding. hi Gerard, what damage does flooding do to the tile? Â the floor had been laid  only 48 hours when a pipe burst and fl
Flooring	Steam cleaned a rug and now it buckles. Ed, I rented a carpet steam cleaner and after finishing my wall to wall I still had som
Flooring	Granite Tile Installation on Fireplace. Hi, I'm redoing my fireplace so the tiles and hearth have been removed and all that's l
Flooring	Particle board as a flooring for bathroom ??. Â Hello, My question is that I had a contractor that installed a new bathroom upst
Flooring	Hardwood Underlayment. Hello. I have a 3/4 mohawk hardwood floor installed last year. The install manual said to lay felt paper
Flooring	clay floor tiles. QUESTION: My floor is 1970's red, unglazed clay floor tiles. I have stripped it and found white grout. I then
Flooring	vinyl tile floors. I have vinyl adhesive tile in the entrance hall. Â I am trying to remove it and having trouble getting it loo
Flooring	Hardwood Floor Buckle. Hi Eric,  I have sent Steve Young several questions but have just now realized why the hardwood floor bu
Flooring	Hardwood Floor filler. Good day, I am about to refinish our 10 year old hardwood floor, and their is some slight edge gaps/knot
Flooring	Carpet Stretching. I had a large carpet installed that should have been done with a  stretcher but I was told the installer did
Flooring	replacing poorly laid porcelain tile. QUESTION: Hi, About a year and half ago I had a whole kitchen renovation done with a 7' e
Flooring	flooring. Hi, Â I want to take up w/w carpeting in living room of my home and have a wood floor installed.I have some questions.
Flooring	laminates. I have decided on laminate to replace carpeting as I care for a handicaped husband and carpeting is impractical. The
Flooring	Carpet and Vapour Barrier. Hi John,  I was hoping to pick your brain to try and help me solve my problem. Â I have read a couple
Flooring	steam room cleaning. Hi, we've just installed a new steam room and it's all marble. Walls, seating and floors.  I'm wondering w
Flooring	Bamboo flooring in entryway?. We are considering bamboo flooring for our entryway  (raised ranch... small landing between 10 st
Flooring	Tiling over a third floor qypcrete floor. I need to have a 13.5 foot by 15 foot bedroom in a third floor 1996 condo tiled. The 
Flooring	holes. Hi Patrick. I just purchased a new dining table and chairs. Now there are many packed down holes where the old furnitu
Flooring	tiling a screened in porch on the second floor. i want to tile my screened in porch. i am on the second floor of a condo unit.w
Flooring	Install porcelain tile over vinyl. I spoke to a contractor about installing porcelain tile in my kitchen, laundry room and 1/2 
Flooring	Will laminates. QUESTION: Our vinyl kitchen floor became scorched after three years from an enclosed gas fireplace with a 10 in
Flooring	Hardwood flooring repair. Hi, No the boards cant be saved, some are very damaged by termites, and others are deeply cracked and
Flooring	Vinyl Sheet. Question 1: My vinyl sheet floor in my kitchen is light beige/off white color. It was installed 7 or 8 years ago. 
Flooring	tiles. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  made a big mistake laying black shiny ceramic tile on kitchen floor 
Flooring	ceramic tile floor. We need to clean our grout before sealing it, and would prefer to purchase everything we need including the
Flooring	Vinyl or laminate. HI, I live in SC with 2 large dogs and kids. My husband has just ripped up 2 layers of vinyl from our kitche
Flooring	ceramic tiles popping up. Dear Michael,  We bought our house about 2 years ago. Â It was a new home with ceramic tile throughout
Flooring	grout. Hi Michael,  I had ceramic tile layed over vinyl tile in a small bath. My contractor grouted yesterday with a polyseal s
Flooring	basement installation. I want to install inexpensive carpet in my basement. Â It is somewhat humid down there. Â Should I use a p
Flooring	ceramic tile grout. I have a ceramic floor which is about 15 years old. Â It was not properly installed and the subfloor is not 
Flooring	Tiling over hairline cracks in concrete. I'm remodeling a ground floor bathroom. Â I've torn out the existing tile floor which w
Flooring	Laminate Floor. Background information: Â  -laminate floor in basement bedroom (approx. 15 x 20 feet) -age of floor 1 year -plac
Flooring	Installing carpet over existing carpet. I'm in the process of fixing up a small room in our basement and found that the existin
Flooring	Installing VC Tile. I would like to install vinyl chloride tile in my bathroom. Â What is the best way to cut the tile, I have h
Flooring	glass tile kitchen backsplash. We have ordered some 2x2 opque glass tiles on a 12x12 mesh backing for our backsplash. We have a
Flooring	roughing up ceramic tile. I have a friend with a restaurant and he wants to rough up the surface of the tile in the kitchen are
Flooring	backing for travertine. QUESTION:    I have Â enjoyed combing through your posts. Hey,I've got the whole three step sealing proc
Flooring	cold floor. QUESTION: Hello, and thank you for your time.. Â I live in the northeast, (Boston) and need new carpeting for my fam
Flooring	Removal & replacement of subfloor for hardwood flooring. Dear Bryan, My husband and I are about to remove the old,  stained, kn
Flooring	float vs. glue down engineered wood. QUESTION: I had too many replies so i had to start a new question section. Here is what ha
Flooring	Refinishing Saltillo with a Stain.. Hello Bill,  I have had these saltillo floors in the kitchen for 19 years now and they look
Flooring	mortars/ adhesives and bonds. I have 2 separate situations that I will soon be encountering that I would like help/ advice on: 
Flooring	Bathroom floor- what the heck is under my floor!. I just purchased a home and a 1/2 bath has loose tiles near the toilet. I pul
Flooring	Large Tile Flooring Job. I'm a do-it-yourselfer and currently in the process of planning to tile my entire first floor (approx 
Flooring	installing travertine. I am getting ready to install 20 travertine tiles with a 16th grout line throughout my friends home. T
Flooring	travertine on the wall. We recently bought some 18 travertine time and would like to put it on the wall about 3 tiles high. I 
Flooring	laying travertine in my basement. Hi,  Â Â We have purchased 1000 sq. ft of 18x18 natural travertine tile (honed & filled) from h
Flooring	installation of porclean tiles on cracked and uneven cement floor, outdoor area. QUESTION: I have 35 sq.m. of outdoor multi use
Flooring	Outdoor travertine tile. QUESTION: We just bought a 4x12 inch tile which we plan to install in our patio. The area we are tilin
Flooring	Installing outdoor carpet on screen porch.. QUESTION: Bryan,  I am looking to find out the right way to install indoor/outdoor 
Flooring	laminate flooring. QUESTION: Have just been told by Home Depot that they have just recently been notified by the manufacturers 
Garden & Outdoor	What is this weed/grass and what to do with it?. I have a weed that looks like grass with a flower/seed/wheat looking thing at 
Garden & Outdoor	From where can I get tools, technology, nutritious plant food for the Soil-Less Farming and Vertical Farming? [closed]. I want 
Garden & Outdoor	Seeds not germinating. I have planted a couple herbs 2 - 3 weeks ago and this is the result.  It seems the wild rocket has pret
Garden & Outdoor	Pine tree spitting something when I get close. I was walking in the woods behind my house yesterday. It had rained in the morni
Garden & Outdoor	Can garlic grow without soil?. I recently opened my cabinet and noticed that a clove of garlic that I had was sprouting some ro
Garden & Outdoor	Shrub and Flower recommendations for creek bank prone to flooding. I have a small creek that runs through my yard.  The creek i
Garden & Outdoor	Wintering Carnivorous Plants. The flies, fruit flies, mosquitoes, and moths are getting really annoying and the spiders in the 
Garden & Outdoor	How to propagate day neutral strawberries which don't develop runners?. I just planted a Seascape Strawberry plant, which is da
Garden & Outdoor	What is considered a â€œcool climateâ€ for cool climate plants? Can these plants better survive temporary frost?. Is a cool clima
Garden & Outdoor	What are these red spots on the leaves of my boysenberry plant?. Previously, I had issues with the sun scorching the leaves of 
Garden & Outdoor	What flowering bulbs grow well in an air conditioned office environment?. I want to grow some bulbs in my office. I have window
Garden & Outdoor	What is the name of this plant with 5-petaled pink flowers?. What is the name of this plant?      For what it is worth, the ima
Garden & Outdoor	What to call this latex material used to tie trees?. I got some special hollow (rope/wire/string/tube - I don't know how to cal
Garden & Outdoor	How do I grow roses from seed?. I'm starting with the assumption that roses can grow from seed, as that's how most plants repro
Garden & Outdoor	What are these little plants with round leaves, growing in my potting soil? [closed]. I have plants growing in my seedling pots
Garden & Outdoor	Is it harmful to prune summer bearing raspberries in early autumn?. I planted raspberry canes last autumn which have grown well
Garden & Outdoor	What is the problem/disease that causes bobbly peach tree leaves?. What is the likely cause of the bobbly forms on the leaves o
Garden & Outdoor	Will leaving fallen leaves on the lawn during winter damage the grass?. I have a lot of leaves on my lawn (in Oklahoma). Will i
Garden & Outdoor	How can I handle a cricket problem without using pesticides?. I have a problem with crickets eating my seedlings and young plan
Garden & Outdoor	Is it too late to start growing vegetables in June in a northern/cold climate?. I've gotten into gardening recently and I have 
Garden & Outdoor	How do I get rid of sand spurs?. How do I get rid of sand spurs?  These suckers pop up all over my lawn around this time of yea
Garden & Outdoor	How can I effectively grow strawberries in my borders without weeds suffocating them?. Even if I remove all weeds around my str
Garden & Outdoor	Should a citrus tree growing very close to the house be killed?. The previous owner of my house grew a citrus tree less than 1 
Garden & Outdoor	Mystery in Pennsylvania garden. This one has proven to be a real mystery, even when we asked a Master Gardener. Serrated edges,
Garden & Outdoor	Do I need an extra filter for aquaponics. In another question, it was mentioned that an aquarium filter like this would help in
Garden & Outdoor	Is it possible to grow a mango plant in the Phoenix climate?. I've been wanting to plant a mango seed; though I live in Phoenix
Garden & Outdoor	New construction, rough top soil spread, how to flatten it?. I recently moved into a new construction here this December, and s
Garden & Outdoor	Do opuntia (prickly pear) cacti readily form hybrids in the wild?. I suspect the answer is yes, because they are the most diver
Garden & Outdoor	How to prepare urea for orchard composting?. I've been told to follow up an infestation of apple scab by composting any leaf li
Garden & Outdoor	How much heat can a cherry chili pepper withstand?. How about 45 to 49 degree Celsius? In the morning, usually the temperature 
Garden & Outdoor	Why don't my radishes swell up?. When I grow radishes, I find that some of them don't swell up to form the globe I expect; inst
Garden & Outdoor	What's eating my Peaches?. Several of my peaches have this crystalised goop on the outside, as seen in the first picture.    Cu
Garden & Outdoor	How far (on average) do tree roots extend out from the base of the tree?. I a looking to plot out my new garden site for next y
Garden & Outdoor	Laying down Fescue sod in North Carolina in Late October. good idea?. I just scheduled a pallet of Fescue sod to delivered to m
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn-mowing: when to mulch and when to bag?. I know mulching when mowing is typically a good thing for the health of the yard. 
Garden & Outdoor	Planting in clear glass pot. I have a quite large clear-glass vase, that i would like to transform into a pot. What are the pro
Garden & Outdoor	How do I keep my balcony flowers hydrated while I'm away?. Seeing this indoor question made me look for an outdoor version of t
Garden & Outdoor	I have the flowers, but how can I get seeds from my basil?. My basil has produced very nice white flowers. It's still cold outs
Garden & Outdoor	How should I avoid pests in an open compost bin. I am starting composting. I have a pot (basically, a huge knee-high pot) that 
Garden & Outdoor	Why are these white dots appearing on my citrus and avocado trees and the leaves getting pale?. My Orange and small avocado tre
Garden & Outdoor	Moving lemon and satsuma trees?. I have a lemon and a satsuma tree in my yard that I planted roughly 2 years ago. So they are s
Garden & Outdoor	What is this low growing square-stemmed plant in my lawn?. I have a small, dense, spreading herbaceous perennial plant in my la
Garden & Outdoor	How can I safely prune a melon vine?. I have a volunteer melon vine (it looks like cantaloupe) growing at the end of my garden 
Garden & Outdoor	What is causing thin asparagus spears?. We have a 6 to 8 year old bed of asparagus last year late & now this year the spears on
Garden & Outdoor	Identify this seed pod. We got a bouquet of cut flowers from someone attending a party we were hosting. It included this thing 
Garden & Outdoor	Can tiny fruit bearing trees be grown in flower pots?. Is it possible to grow a tiny tree in a flower pot that can produce frui
Garden & Outdoor	How long does it take to start sweet potato slips?. @Om Patange asked this in a comment on this sweet potato question and I'm c
Garden & Outdoor	Why did my grape hyacinths put out leaves in the fall?. Normally my grape hyacinth only puts out leaves in the spring, but this
Garden & Outdoor	Does a cloche need to have sides?. This picture shows a home made cloche I knocked up in 5 minutes with a spare bit of plastic 
Garden & Outdoor	How do I stop palm trees from sprouting from the side?. My 6-7 year-old outdoor date palm trees are growing side-sprouts, resul
Garden & Outdoor	Why do all my chilli plants stop growing?. I have been growing chilli plants for the last couple if years. In the first year I 
Garden & Outdoor	What kind of orchid is this?. I got this at a Lowes in the clearance rack. Included is the slightly cryptic (to me) plant tag. 
Garden & Outdoor	Is Aloysia with brown spots drinkable?. The leaves of the my Aloysia plant developed brown spots. Initially I thought they were
Garden & Outdoor	How do I pump my bath water to my garden for watering?. After my kids have a bath, I want to be able to pump the water out into
Garden & Outdoor	When should I hang my mason bee house?. I bought a mason bee house from gardener's supply and I am wondering when should I hang
Garden & Outdoor	Can I use weed killer to eliminate grass growing between my bulbs?. In the borders on the front of my house, I have a number of
Garden & Outdoor	How much depth is needed for grass mats?. Simple question, how much (if any) soil is needed between the grass mat and the fleec
Garden & Outdoor	Can I use sweet potato leaves as a dynamic accumulator?. I have been thinking about growing Comfrey in my garden but I came acr
Garden & Outdoor	How do I determine soil moisture based on information from online weather systems?. I want to build an automatic garden/lawn wa
Garden & Outdoor	questions on deep root fertilization. One of the dog wood trees in my yard does not grow healthy.  The tree care professionals 
Garden & Outdoor	What should I do to improve a lawn growing on a new construction lot?. A builder built a new home for us last year (2013) and p
Garden & Outdoor	How do I make Emerald Green Arborvitae grow as fast as biologically possible?. I'm buying a bunch of these babies below to crea
Garden & Outdoor	Blocking Wind on a Rooftop Garden. I have an apartment with a rooftop patio/garden on a five-story building. It is the tallest 
Garden & Outdoor	Why are the lower leaves of my tropical Guava yellowing and dropping?. I had a Century Guava (ä¸–ç´€èŠ­æ¨‚) shipped over from Taiwan to
Garden & Outdoor	What are the pros and cons of rubber vs wood mulches?. This question is just concerning the realm of landscaping for flowers ar
Garden & Outdoor	How can I water the plants on my balcony without dripping water on my downstairs neighbor?. I live in an apartment with a balco
Garden & Outdoor	An unexpected brown-violet mushroom in my garden. My grandma is a great fan of mushrooms and knows quite a lot about them. Abou
Garden & Outdoor	What are these white bugs all over my lettuce?. I noticed these tiny white bugs on several of my romaine leaves today. Detail i
Garden & Outdoor	Efficacy of â€œwillow waterâ€ for improving propagation of cuttings. Willow water is a term for water that has had willow soaked
Garden & Outdoor	Garden Hoses: how safe are they?. After noticing that some garden hoses carry a warning, Not to be used for drinking water, I
Garden & Outdoor	Rats have transferred poison into my compost. Is the compost usable on vegetables?. Delighted to observe that the rat poison we
Garden & Outdoor	Why is my pepper plant dying?. I planted a capsicum/pepper plant about 5 months back and it's been growing well and producing a
Garden & Outdoor	Are millipedes  good or bad for the garden?. Are millipedes considered good or bad for plants?   From wikipedia:     Millipedes
Garden & Outdoor	What is the best way to over-winter bananas?. The new house also has a couple of banana trees! What is the best way of over-win
Garden & Outdoor	What features should I look for in a fertilizer spreader?. I have been asked to purchase a fertilizer spreader for someone as a
Garden & Outdoor	Cherry sapling has wilted leaves, dried trunk; is it dying?. I've posted earlier about my diseased cherry seedling.  Since then
Garden & Outdoor	Do wattles have the same ability to fix nitrogen from air as other legumes?. Do wattles (roughly Australian Acacia species) hav
Garden & Outdoor	How do I prune the roots of a rootbound plant?. This answer talks about pruning the roots of a plant when it has become rootbou
Garden & Outdoor	How to strengthen a leggy sapling?. I just received a Wonderful Pomegranate sapling in the mail. It is 18 inches tall. Its sing
Garden & Outdoor	Is the calcium deposit in my kettle utilized?. Can plants utilize the calcium that sediments in the kettle when water is boiled
Garden & Outdoor	How to get proper drainage in a pot with a built-in saucer?. I bought a 16'' wide plastic pot with a built-in saucer. The sauce
Garden & Outdoor	Corkscrew Swamp Sanctuary plant ID query. While visiting Corkscrew Swamp Sanctuary on January 19, 2014, I found this shrub or s
Garden & Outdoor	What is this leaf vegetable with red veins and leaf tips?. I live in Bristol, UK, and I have received this locally grown leaf v
Garden & Outdoor	Tomato plant flowering but falling before fruiting. Hi i have started a tomato plantation on my balcony and its flowering but t
Garden & Outdoor	How do roots absorb oxygen in hyrdroculture/hydroponics? [duplicate]. This question already has an answer here:                
Garden & Outdoor	Why does my cilantro have thin leaves? Why is my parsley not growing? When will they be ready for harvest?. My cilantro (plante
Garden & Outdoor	Orchids not flowering. I have these orchids that I bought three years ago and they are not flowering. At the beginning they alm
Garden & Outdoor	Why are my cucumber leaves turning yellow?. My cucumber plant's leaves are turning yellow.  Could it need nutrients already? It
Garden & Outdoor	Why are my chilli pepper leaves curling and new flowers are falling off?. Could you please tell me why my chilli pepper plant l
Garden & Outdoor	What's the most hardy red flesh apple for the Pacific Northwest?. I had two wonderful red flesh apples in Birch Bay, Washington
Garden & Outdoor	Growing in the Tropics. Can I grow peonies, camellias or magnolias in the tropics/Philippines? or at least a good substitute fo
Garden & Outdoor	Forcing a clover takeover of my lawn. I have weeds in my grass lawn. Not an uncommon situation, I understand.  I have a few typ
Garden & Outdoor	Brussel sprouts pest. Help!  I am a new gardener and am trying to grow Brussel sprouts in the VA mountains.  My plants are bein
Garden & Outdoor	Is this an elder or what is the shrub with red berries?. I have this shrub (of 3 meters height) in my garden and only realized 
Garden & Outdoor	Starting tomato from seed. We are wanting to grow tomato plants from seed this year.  We've not done this before, so we have so
Garden & Outdoor	Why is my pine tree turning brown?. I have 4 pine trees (not sure the type but they look like Christmas trees) in my back yard.
Garden & Outdoor	Fixing leaks from drip irrigation compression fittings. I have an older installation of .710 drip irrigation hose which has spr
Garden & Outdoor	Can I save my damaged Aloe vera plant?. I had an Aloe plant that had grown to about 10 tall, in the shape of a miniature Chris
Garden & Outdoor	which plants is it? small in size, long thin leaves. which plants is it? My mumma says it's a tree. Please help me identify.  I
Garden & Outdoor	Small aloe vera in small pot - will it get too big?. I bought a small aloe plant for my office and it came in a small pot (arou
Garden & Outdoor	Can quinoa be grown in the UK?. Due to the fact that quinoa, bought in shops here, cost a lot and because of the ethical implic
Garden & Outdoor	What are and how to prevent these maggots in my lovage?. When harvesting some of my lovage I noticed that some foilage has drie
Garden & Outdoor	How should I till topsoil into thick clay in small garden beds?. My house is in an area where the native earth is basically sol
Garden & Outdoor	How to set up water planting system?. I am an engineer and I want to put a garden inside my house. What I mean is indoor garden
Garden & Outdoor	Brown turkey fig dormancy time. We picked up a brown turkey fig tree last summer. We plan in keeping it in a large pot rather t
Garden & Outdoor	How do you manage dying leaves on young plants?. If a leaf on a plant is shriveling or yellowing, should you cut it off or leav
Garden & Outdoor	Are acorns, or oak nuts, edible?. I have a lot of oak trees where I live, and I've heard that acorns are edible, although not p
Garden & Outdoor	How deep to dig for a new flowering pear tree?. Last year I planted 3 flowering pear trees. For those who have never heard of t
Garden & Outdoor	What is this broad-leaved weed in my lawn and how do I kill it?. I live in San Francisco, and this plant has invaded my lawn wi
Garden & Outdoor	When should I transfer from pod to pot or ground?. Since the pre-sprouted plant season is in full bloom, what is a good indicat
Garden & Outdoor	Can a single young bulb of cymbidium mini survive?. I had a beautiful yellow cymbidium mini. Once I forgot it in heavy rain and
Garden & Outdoor	What are the optimal growing conditions for chives?. I have a few questions about starting chives (Allium schoenoprasum) and ke
Garden & Outdoor	What are the consequences of seeds sown outside of their depth specifications?. I was planting my green bean seeds 1 - 2 inches
Garden & Outdoor	What's a good water system for houseplants during holidays?. I have a very resilient cactus that can be left alone for a month 
Garden & Outdoor	How should I repot these overgrown and delicate plants?. I've got several plants that are probably overdue to be repotted.  One
Garden & Outdoor	How much mulch should I put in my vegetable gardens?. I have heard some conflicting info on this, but mostly about 3 inches de
Garden & Outdoor	Does this tomato plant look alright?. I started growing tomatoes inside my apartment. All over the internet, I noticed pictures
Garden & Outdoor	Sub-irrigation planter bucket setup. After doing some research around sub-irrigation I think I've come up with a cheap method o
Garden & Outdoor	How is natural stone sold and what should I know?. Where can I buy stone? What are the different kinds of stone that are availa
Garden & Outdoor	What conditions cause trunk sprouts on oak trees?. I asked a similar question here, but something annoying is catching my atten
Garden & Outdoor	What plant resembles a tomato plant with thorns?. What plant resembles a tomato plant with thorns? The leaves are similar to wa
Garden & Outdoor	How should I store my chili seeds for planting next year?. Should I let the chili mature on the plant, cut it open and take the
Garden & Outdoor	How long do cherry seeds store for?. I read on this website that:     Store the jar of cherry seeds in your refrigerator for 8 
Garden & Outdoor	How do I get rid of root suckers in my yard from my neighbor's big tree?. My neighbor has a tall very leafy tree.  The leaves a
Garden & Outdoor	How can I prevent my banana tree from drying out?. We live in Lahore , Pakistan where temperature in summers reach 45 degrees C
Garden & Outdoor	What is this plant that resembles a tomato with dark veins and stem base?. I was given a portion of a flat that has starts that
Garden & Outdoor	How do I prevent parrots from snacking on my fruit trees?. I live in a neighborhood in California that has a number of parrots 
Garden & Outdoor	Why is my Litchi plant getting brown leaves indoors?. I have a Litchi plant grown from a seed that doesn't seem too happy. It k
Garden & Outdoor	Can I put coffee filters into my compost?. I've heard that coffee grounds are a good green(nitrogen rich) to put in your comp
Garden & Outdoor	Will Chanterelle mushrooms grow under some shrubs?. I would like to grow some Chanterelle mushrooms (Cantharellus cibarius) und
Garden & Outdoor	Are there any varieties of Elephant Ear that are hardy enough to withstand a zone 6b winter?. When I look at Elephant Ear varie
Garden & Outdoor	I have mislabelled a herb (thought it was chives), can anyone recognize what this is?. Reddit thinks it might be a tomato. I th
Garden & Outdoor	What herbaceous plants like acid soil, blueberries and white pine mulch?. Looking for herbs to fill out a blueberry bed. The so
Garden & Outdoor	Why did the stem suddenly weaken in my oriental poppy?. I have an oriental poppy 'Patty's Plum' growing in new potting compost 
Garden & Outdoor	What is the best way to sharpen a lawn mower blade?. One of those I really must get around to... questions, but what is the b
Garden & Outdoor	What is a good source for nursery pots?. Are there free (or low cost) sources for nursery pots? Presumably nurseries reuse them
Garden & Outdoor	A mower that's also capable of pushing snow. This is a follow up to my question purely about lawn mowers.  We are short of spac
Garden & Outdoor	What type of tester works best for measuring soil pH?. I want to measure the pH of soil in my potted plants (especially for the
Garden & Outdoor	Does new lawn/sod need aeration?. I recently bought a house and am new to gardening and lawn care. Some guys stopped by and ask
Garden & Outdoor	In which part of the fridge should muscaris (grape hyacinths) be stored?. I put my muscaris in the part of the fridge where I s
Garden & Outdoor	How do I encourage morning glories to bloom?. I know that many of you will find this unbelievable -- but my morning glories did
Garden & Outdoor	What is this plant with thin green stems and little yellow flowers?. Can someone please identify this plant? I salvaged it from
Garden & Outdoor	How much time do tomatoes take to ripen?. I planted some tomato plants in August in pots with 70% soil and 30% organic vermicom
Garden & Outdoor	What is the relation between number of fish and number of plants in aquaponics. Is there like a rule of thumb of the relation b
Garden & Outdoor	Crabgrass or thatch?. Is this crabgrass or thatch-whatever it is how do I get rid of it?
Garden & Outdoor	How do I improve the soil around a plant after it has grown considerably?. We planted a whole bunch of plants and trees when we
Garden & Outdoor	Tall, quick growing privacy tree species. Can someone recommend a tall, quick growing tree that's not overly invasive that woul
Garden & Outdoor	When should sunflower seeds be harvested?. I've got a few giant sunflowers that are hanging pretty low.  I peeled off a few see
Garden & Outdoor	What is the right type of rake for oak leaves, twigs, acorns on a Zoysia lawn?. I haven't had a lawn to speak of in my current 
Garden & Outdoor	Are my tomato plants damaged by a chemical or a disease?. Most of my tomato plants have started showing signs of what I think i
Garden & Outdoor	What can I grow in a very damp, shaded part of the garden?. I have a small flower bed which is in a very shaded corner.  It nev
Garden & Outdoor	What is this brown, shell-like thing growing on the stalk of my avocado plant?. Could you please help identifying this brown sh
Garden & Outdoor	Does working leftover grass into your soil do anything?. I have a couple bags of grass shavings leftover from mowing the lawn a
Garden & Outdoor	How to prune an overgrown (and now flowering) Dracaena?. My cut Dracaena (houseplant) has become very tall, and now one of the 
Garden & Outdoor	Pruning an Avocado Plant/Tree. For the past year I have been growing an Avocado that I started from a seed. About 6 months ago 
Garden & Outdoor	Should I remove the dead flower heads from my hydrangea?. Earlier this year, I bought a hydrangea (from Ikea of all places!) an
Garden & Outdoor	Two-stroke engine not starting. I recently had trouble with the throttle on a two-stroke engine. It ran fine once I fixed that,
Garden & Outdoor	Can I trim this shrub into a spiral shape?. I have these 2 shrubs (circled in red) that I need to trim.  I'm wondering if I can
Garden & Outdoor	Are ants in my raspberry flowers beneficial or harmful?. I'm observing ants on my raspberry plants, especially in the flowers. 
Garden & Outdoor	Will Porcini mushrooms grow under a maple tree?. I am considering growing some Porcini mushrooms (Boletus edulis) under a maple
Garden & Outdoor	How can I dispose of gravel?. The previous owner of my house decided to plant two large junipers in front of the house and fill
Garden & Outdoor	What is this yellow coloration of cotton wool used as growth media for hydroponics?. I have built a simple hydroponics DWC syst
Garden & Outdoor	Hot composting dock roots. I've spent several weeks hand-digging out dock and other obnoxious weeds from our pastures.  There's
Garden & Outdoor	Is harvesting purple potatoes any different than white potatoes?. We are trying to grow purple potatoes for the first time, and
Garden & Outdoor	Is there a grassy plant that's unattractive to livestock without being poisonous?. We'd like to grow a plant (hopefully not obs
Garden & Outdoor	My lawn is full of wild strawberries. What else can thrive in my soil?. My lawn seems to have more wild strawberries than grass
Garden & Outdoor	How do I care for potted apple seedlings over the winter?. On a whim, this spring, I planted several apple seeds in a large pot
Garden & Outdoor	Can I encourage my roses to produce more flowers and fewer long stems?. I have standard roses.  As the weather warms, and after
Garden & Outdoor	What's this plant with long pink hanging blossoms?. In my garden I have a small bed of flowers pictured below. I don't know wha
Garden & Outdoor	How to start a bulb bed so that it doesn't need weeding?. When I bought my house (in southern Minnesota), one of the things I l
Garden & Outdoor	What are some good plants to put in a guild built around plums/stone fruit?. I'm starting a small orchard of stone fruit trees 
Garden & Outdoor	How much watering does aloe require?. An aloe plant I have on my table now has leaves with yellowish ends and I'd like to someh
Garden & Outdoor	How do I grow sweet potatoes in a pot?. I planted some attractive sweet potato vines in a 6 inch deep pot -- about 1.5 ft in di
Garden & Outdoor	What are the most fragrant non-double peonies?. Old-fashioned peonies are among my favorite perennials, easy to grow, spectacul
Garden & Outdoor	Can I force Sedum spectabile 'Neon' to rebloom?. I grew some Sedum spectabile 'Neon' and it flowered very well, but the flowers
Garden & Outdoor	Help identifying plant (supposed to be radicchio) and advice what to do with it. Late last summer, I planted some seeds from a 
Garden & Outdoor	Does it matter if I cull the flower or fruit for higher fruit quality?. I have a tropical Century Guava that will soon be putti
Garden & Outdoor	Good groundcover for bonsai. What type of plants are good ground cover for bonsai?  When I first started growing bonsai, I only
Garden & Outdoor	How can I determine which trees are unsafe in strong winds?. We had some fairly extreme weather in the UK, enough wind to blow 
Garden & Outdoor	What is causing diseased leaves on my French beans?. My French bean plants have diseased leaves as shown below:   What can be c
Garden & Outdoor	What is this insect with rough brown shell on potatoes?. This insect with a rough brownish shell showed up on potatoes at a fri
Garden & Outdoor	Composting Equine Pine and Rabbit Manure. My wife raises show rabbits, and about a year ago we switched to stacking cages with 
Garden & Outdoor	Pruning leaves from bell pepper plants. I have a few bell pepper plants out in the garden and they are finally starting to bud.
Garden & Outdoor	Should I set water aside to off-gas chlorine before using in my herb garden?. Regular tap water contains chlorine, which can be
Garden & Outdoor	What are good sources for large quantities of â€œgreensâ€ for my compost?. I have a compost pile that has a lot of browns in it,
Garden & Outdoor	Help me identify this plant. My mother just came back from a family trip and would like to purchase a plant like this one. Thei
Garden & Outdoor	What is the best sunflower for seed production in Pennsylvania zone 6b?. I have been growing mammoth grey stripe sunflowers for
Garden & Outdoor	How should I protect a buried fountain reservoir from freezing?. I have a buried fountain reservoir that cannot easily be prote
Garden & Outdoor	Why are there small flies on my Fatalii pepper plant?. I have a fatalii pepper plant and today I discovered some very small lar
Garden & Outdoor	What can be planted on a shady, damp slope to help remove weeds?. I am removing ferns and brambles from a steep, damp and shade
Garden & Outdoor	Should the aerial roots be trimmed on my ficus tree?. I have a couple 3 foot tall ficus trees which have some thin aerial roots
Garden & Outdoor	How should I select the proper location for my garden?. I am about to buy a house with about an acre and a half of property. I'
Garden & Outdoor	How can I keep gravel from moving out of my driveway during winter?. I have a gravel driveway going horizontally across a hill,
Garden & Outdoor	How often should I fertilize vegetables?. I only ever add fertilizer after I remove a previous crop and break up the soil a bit
Garden & Outdoor	What is this discolouration of the skin of my pepper?. One of my peppers is showing some strange discolouration of its skin. Yo
Garden & Outdoor	How can stop my sprinklers from spraying the house after replacing house main?. Recently bought at 90+ year old house. While a 
Garden & Outdoor	New construction, horrible lawn. We moved into our new house in late March and started with mud. The builder put down seed with
Garden & Outdoor	What can be planted at this time of year in a greenhouse (in the UK)?. Normally we plant tomatoes and cucumber in our greenhous
Garden & Outdoor	What is this plant with long thin leaves with serrated edges and spikes of pink flowers?. Can anyone identify this plant with l
Garden & Outdoor	What should I do with these young tomato plants in the middle of august?. I have a bunch of young tomato plants (grown from see
Garden & Outdoor	Can blueberries be grown in a raised garden bed?. I am thinking of putting in a raised garden bed in our back yard here in sout
Garden & Outdoor	my lawn has been over taken by weeds [duplicate]. This question already has an answer here:                  How do I remove th
Garden & Outdoor	identify the type of cactus. My friend showed me this picture of a cactus and we would like to buy one. The problem is we don't
Garden & Outdoor	How deep are electrical lines near pad transformers?. I want to plant some tall grasses about 3 feet from an electrical pad tra
Garden & Outdoor	Is light direction or proximity more important when considering indoor natural light for plants?. I'm trying to provide my hous
Garden & Outdoor	What is this plant with the prune tree?. I have planted a prune tree last year and today when I looked at it, I saw it was made
Garden & Outdoor	How do I get rid of white flies on my basil?. I've recently noticed that my basil and other herb plants are infested by tiny wh
Garden & Outdoor	caterpillar identification and eradication. Can you help me identify this type of caterpillar and what is the solution to eradi
Garden & Outdoor	Is my tree too close to my house?. I have an ornamental cherry tree approximately 30 ft tall, which is now close enough to my h
Garden & Outdoor	Can you help me identify this plant?. Can you help me identify the big plant in the center right of the photograph? I planted a
Garden & Outdoor	Shaping my new bonsai. We are working on this bonsai and would like some expert advice.  Should we cut more sub-branches?Is it 
Garden & Outdoor	When to use grass seed vs. â€œweed and feedâ€. I have a stretch of my otherwise healthy South Florida, St. Augustin lawn that has 
Garden & Outdoor	Does Arugula/rocket flowering mean the plant's crop season is over?. I sowed arugula/rocket in an outside pot 2 months ago. As 
Garden & Outdoor	Yellowing leaves on some hibiscus plants. We moved into a new house in SW FL (the Cape Coral area) a couple of months ago, and 
Garden & Outdoor	What are the solid chunks in the top my carrots?. I've been getting through my home-grown carrots lately. I've had a few raw, a
Garden & Outdoor	Can I water plants with spoiled wine?. I have a small indoor garden. Unfortunately, I also have a dozen liters of spoiled wine.
Garden & Outdoor	What should I do if the soil shrinks and separates from the flowerpot walls?. Recently we relocated a cactus into a new flowerp
Garden & Outdoor	Does Dawn dishwashing detergent kill plants (shrubs & flowers)?. Yesterday I was talking to my neighbor, and he was telling me 
Garden & Outdoor	Ants and white/gray/brown spores all over my gardenia. I planted my gardenia four or five months ago.  I noticed, recently, tha
Garden & Outdoor	What bulbs will do well planted in containers in the fall in Dallas, and how should I take care of them?. I'm a total and compl
Garden & Outdoor	Leveling a yard and laying sod. When I bought my house ~3 years ago, the backyard was being watered by hand even though it has 
Garden & Outdoor	Restoring overwatered rosemary. I have several rosemary bushes in the backyard; I live in San Francisco and rosemary thrives he
Garden & Outdoor	Should I have added dead leaves directly to my garden?. With all the fallen leaves that were on our field I picked them up with
Garden & Outdoor	fava bean beetle?. I've noticed this beetle on in our Fava beans.  They crawl out and fly away, leaving perfectly circular litt
Garden & Outdoor	mail order raspberry plants, now what. I ordered 4 raspberry plants from burpee and they came today.  I was expecting just bare
Garden & Outdoor	Mushrooms growing from the base of my potted avocado tree. My avocado tree was going fine, until I noticed it became wilting, a
Garden & Outdoor	What is this large leafed plant?. I like the way it looks and might want to get one but I need to know what it is. The location
Garden & Outdoor	How to grow a passionfruit vine from seed. I'd like to try growing a passionfruit vine from seed. My best guess on a good way t
Garden & Outdoor	What to plant in a shady London small area?. What shall I plant in the 4mÂ² soil area in front of a London house? I want somethi
Garden & Outdoor	Can someone identify this plant with a strangely shaped leaf?. If someone could give me the name of this plant, I would be very
Garden & Outdoor	Can I grow fava beans as a fall crop in New Jersey (USDA Zone 7A)?. I grew fava beans this year for the first time and really l
Garden & Outdoor	How are wind flattened plants realigned?. Holy cats, that was a nice storm last night. 100 MPH gusts have flattened my 12in tal
Garden & Outdoor	What is a recipe for a long-lasting, fast draining container soil mix with good aeration?. I'm interested in making my own cont
Garden & Outdoor	How do I make plant labels for outdoors?. I would like to put small plant labels in my garden so that I don't forget what exact
Garden & Outdoor	Are there any plants that give aroma day and night?. There is a plant which gives aroma in the night; I do not know its name bu
Garden & Outdoor	Advice for late tomato/pepper starts. I had planned to start some plants indoors for the vegetable garden this year to try more
Garden & Outdoor	Bonsai losing leaves. I'm a bonsai beginner; I purchased a 15-year-old tea tree 2 weeks ago. It began losing a few leaves each 
Garden & Outdoor	How Far Back To Prune Frost-Damaged Gardenias?. I have 4 formerly great-looking gardenia bushes in my yard, but this past winte
Garden & Outdoor	What techniques can be used to manually sieve stones from the soil efficiently?. After our house was built there is quite a bit
Garden & Outdoor	What could be the cause of rust spots and holes on leaves?. What could be the cause of rust spots and holes on the leaves of my
Garden & Outdoor	Are there any plants that glow in the dark?. Are there any plants, grass etc. that glow in the dark?
Garden & Outdoor	What would be a low- or no-irrigation lawn replacement for USDA zone 8B?. I have some lawn in my backyard that I want to replac
Garden & Outdoor	Which side of a house will get the most sunlight?. Which side of a house will get the most sunlight?  Articles on the internet 
Garden & Outdoor	What is this small annual with white trumpet-shaped flowers?. Moving into a house with a garden last year, I collected black-pe
Garden & Outdoor	Should blueberry suckers be removed?. I have a potted Sunshine Blueberry plant. I noticed suckers started appearing a few inche
Garden & Outdoor	What's causing the bark on my maple sapling to split?. I planted a Maple sapling in my front yard in November 2011, and it hasn
Garden & Outdoor	Will composted cow manure harm vegetables?. We've had a mild winter here, and I'm going to plant out the broccoli (currently un
Garden & Outdoor	Why have some of the leaves on my cherry tree sapling suddenly gone very pale?. Several months ago, I planted three cherry tree
Garden & Outdoor	Should I worry about cross-pollination from the sterile comfrey cultivar, â€œBocking 14â€?. I am looking at growing some comfrey, 
Garden & Outdoor	Small tomato plants have purplish stems. I have Parks Whopper Cr Improved Vf1f2nt Hybrid started from seed indoors.  The plants
Garden & Outdoor	Does Trimec kill grasses (fescue). Located in North Carolina. Mostly a fescue lawn. well established, some new sod from last fa
Garden & Outdoor	Why is my Norfolk Island pine not doing well?. My Norfolk Island pine is not doing so well: the needles are turning brown and t
Garden & Outdoor	What kind of mower should I get for a Â¾-acre lawn?. I need to mow a 3/4 acre lawn and some minor landscape on a weekly basis (g
Garden & Outdoor	Care for young Raspberry plants. Last fall I planted 4 raspberry plants from Burpee.  They grew a little and then it got cold a
Garden & Outdoor	Why do I have standing water in the saucer after repotting my rubber plant?. I have a large rubber plant that I re-potted in a 
Garden & Outdoor	What are some sustainable alternatives to peat for potting compost?. I've just finished writing the tag wiki for organic and wa
Garden & Outdoor	Removing concrete border around stone patio. My husband and I are buying a portion of our neighbor's property... currently, our
Garden & Outdoor	Fish fertilizer for my lawn. I was told by someone that fish fertilizer is good for the lawn; just use 3 tablespoons in a gallo
Garden & Outdoor	Why are my hydroponic peas wilting right after planting?. I'm trying to get into hydroponics and have started with peas as it's
Garden & Outdoor	Will cutting a bolted lettuce plant allow it to regrow?. I'm a novice gardener and my lettuce has bolted. Do I have to remove t
Garden & Outdoor	What is this small pink-flowered shrub?. This was planted a few years ago by a landscaper that I am no longer in contact with. 
Garden & Outdoor	Will glyphosate based herbicide work with a food thickener?. I would like to thicken some Roundup to form a drip-free paint for
Garden & Outdoor	Are the yellow leaves on my Massangeana due to root rot?. I bought my Massangeana (Dracaena fragens) 15 months ago, and he's be
Garden & Outdoor	How much additional fertilizer should I add to a vegetable garden?. I'm beginning to prepare the soil for my vegetable garden. 
Garden & Outdoor	Is drylok a good option for an aquaponics fish tank?. I've been looking into making a 3000-4000 liter system. When the water ta
Garden & Outdoor	How do you know when a tree has died?. A tree trust planted 2 trees for me along my fence-line.  One hasn't budded at all this 
Garden & Outdoor	How long does it take a mock-orange bush to flower?. I have a four year old mock-orange that is eight feet (2.4m) tall and six 
Garden & Outdoor	My tree has root damage: how can I save it?. I cut a few of the roots around my tree. My tree is now in shock: the leaves are c
Garden & Outdoor	What is the best time to water the garden?. What is the best time for gardening? How many times should we water the garden?  I 
Garden & Outdoor	How can I discourage venomous snakes from living in my property?. I noticed that a copperhead has made his home under my front 
Garden & Outdoor	A fungus was growing before my eyes when I was weeding. What was it?. I was pulling out some weeds and must have touched someth
Garden & Outdoor	Plant identification [duplicate]. This question already has an answer here:                  What is this houseplant with varie
Garden & Outdoor	What is this spiky-leaved plant with short lived yellow flowers?. I found this growing in one of my pots.    Does anyone know w
Garden & Outdoor	Why has my cactus yellowed and softened, and how can I help it live?. I had a cactus at work since the end of March. It is my f
Garden & Outdoor	Can I grow chestnuts or hazelnuts indoors? If yes, how?. Can I grow chestnuts or hazelnuts indoors? If yes, how? If not, how ca
Garden & Outdoor	Does an Eastern Redbud tolerate partial shade?. I'm thinking of replacing an ugly evergreen shrub in my front yard with a flowe
Garden & Outdoor	How long does Spinach produce?. I am gardening for the first time, and so far so good! We have planted a few spinach plants, an
Garden & Outdoor	Red, white and blue varieties for a medium pot in full sun. Well, it's just past Memorial Day and we're working up to the 4th o
Garden & Outdoor	What plant is this? It's definitely not a cactus. I recently bought a small plant from a greenhouse.  The label on the plant sa
Garden & Outdoor	My orchid has one yellowing leaf. What's gone wrong?. I have an orchid that I bought about a month ago.  I'm following the wate
Garden & Outdoor	What should I do before applying organic fertilizer to ensure no bugs or smell?. Does all organic fertilizer require decomposin
Garden & Outdoor	Miniature Rose Wintering. I have a miniature rose plant growing in a large (about 2 foot cubed) container outside, where it has
Garden & Outdoor	What is causing these dark spots on my bonsai tree?. My Cussonia bonsai suffers for a couple of months now from an unrecognized
Garden & Outdoor	What's this hole in the Cabbage leaf?. What's this hole I just discovered in the leaf of this otherwise very healthy Cabbage?  
Garden & Outdoor	Jade: Can I repot and/or take cuttings?. I've read other questions on this and other forums on Jade plants, and haven't quite f
Garden & Outdoor	Identify Common Lawn Varieties. I've run into this problem and I'm sure others will too:   I want to know what variety of lawn 
Garden & Outdoor	What causes my zucchini-leaves to become light yellow?. Please have a look at these images of my zucchini plant:     What disea
Garden & Outdoor	What varieties of plum tree produce small green plums?. My mom thinks it's a Mirabelle plum tree (Prunus domestica), but those 
Garden & Outdoor	How long do you water after planting grass?. I have just planted some grass seed to replace some grass lost after the dry summe
Garden & Outdoor	Is it better to plant many seeds in one hole or few?. I don't quite understand why so many tutorials, photos and videos show pe
Garden & Outdoor	How old does English ivy (Hedera helix var.) have to be in order to flower?. I like the look of flowering ivy, but mine has nev
Garden & Outdoor	Is there a fast-growing, inexpensive privacy plant that can be started in winter?. I live in a flatshare, in a room on the grou
Garden & Outdoor	What is this plant, which has a spreading root system and purple, crinkled petunia-like flowers?. Click to enlarge  This is a h
Garden & Outdoor	Should I cull June-bearing strawberries for fall bearing?. This year some of my Gurney's Whopper strawberries, a June-bearing v
Garden & Outdoor	Does fruit on fruit trees need to be thinned?. Do fruits need to be thinned on the tree? For example, I have a young Pomelo tre
Garden & Outdoor	How high should I cut fescue grass?. The fescue grass in my yard is not doing well. I suspect that I may be cutting it too shor
Garden & Outdoor	How can I discourage wasps?. We built our house last fall, and I've already found one wasp next in a corner of the eaves.  I kn
Garden & Outdoor	Why do ants appear around my panda plant?. I've had a panda plant indoors in my office, by a west-facing window for about 6 mon
Garden & Outdoor	Will a cedar tree grow new limbs?. I've got a cedar tree that divided into two smaller trees, and the previous owners tried to 
Garden & Outdoor	Do legumes provide nitrogen to their companions?. It's common knowledge that legumes (clover, beans, etc) can (with the help of
Garden & Outdoor	Which techniques and tools should I use to build a raised vegetable garden from bricks?. I have about 2/3 of a pallet of bricks
Garden & Outdoor	What is this succulent plant bought from a botanical garden?. Does anybody know what this plant is?    When we bought it, it wa
Garden & Outdoor	How do I predict a plant species' water intake?. I'm an amateur gardener planning a future garden in an extremely dry area. The
Garden & Outdoor	Could someone help identify these two shrubs?. I am doing an ecology project for biology and we have to identify these plants (
Garden & Outdoor	How to improve coral atoll â€œsoilsâ€. My Parents are currently living on a small pacific coral atoll. Coral atolls, for the most 
Garden & Outdoor	When is the best time to trim cedar hedges?. When is the best time to trim cedar hedges? Importantly, is there a time that woul
Garden & Outdoor	Is rain water better than tap water for plants?. Is it better to water your plants with rain water collected in water butts? I 
Garden & Outdoor	What is eating my orange trees?. I have 3 navel orange trees in my backyard and the leaves are being eaten by something.  What 
Garden & Outdoor	What is causing the yellowing on my English Ivy's leaves?. Same unfortunate newbie from this thread  I have some ivy plants tha
Garden & Outdoor	How do string trimmer accessories compare to dedicated tools. I'm considering purchasing a gas powered string trimmer, after my
Garden & Outdoor	What is this plant with variegated trifoliate leaves?. This is the first year this plant has shown itself in my yard. I've sear
Garden & Outdoor	Is it possible for a transplanted baby Maple to grow into a Bonsai tree?. My understanding is that a real Bonsai tree is alread
Garden & Outdoor	What is a good shrub for privacy for the Pacific Northwest USA?. I live in Seattle WA and am looking for some ideas on what typ
Garden & Outdoor	How should I stabilize a tree with a malformed root ball?. I recently purchased a tree from a local nursery. It was originally 
Garden & Outdoor	How should I start feeding an indoor plant after over a year's break?. I have three indoor plants that I havenâ€™t fed for over a
Garden & Outdoor	Square foot garden companion planting - in occupied squares or not?. This is our 5th year using about 160 square feet of garden
Garden & Outdoor	Why do people paint some tree trunks white at the bottom?. I've seen trees with the lower trunks painted white in a number of p
Garden & Outdoor	Does soil need sunlight?. My plan is to keep garden fabric on my vegetable garden year round to keep the weeds down (especially
Garden & Outdoor	Where does the carbon that makes up a plant come from?. I have had this question throughout the time that I have been gardening
Garden & Outdoor	How to prolong Cauliflower growing season, harvest?. I love fresh cauliflower, but it's so terribly temperature / light sensiti
Garden & Outdoor	What difference does rooting hormone make when propagating plants from cuttings?. What difference does rooting hormone make whe
Garden & Outdoor	Can I save an old, weak peony?. I inherited an established garden in which a very sad-looking peony was struggling to grow righ
Garden & Outdoor	Tilled under buckwheat, how long to wait before replanting?. I planted a small plot to buckwheat as a green manure / cover crop
Garden & Outdoor	Are slugs beneficial or detrimental?. I've noticed quite a few slugs around my garden recently, and I realized that I don't kno
Garden & Outdoor	How can I dissolve the gunked up fertilizer in a Scotts Turfbuilder drop spreader?. My spreader is gunked up with fertilizer so
Garden & Outdoor	Is there any truth behind planting by phases of the moon?. A book I've been skimming through recently, How to Grow More Vegetab
Garden & Outdoor	Is a full spectrum 380-840nm white phosphor LED suitable for growing plants?. I am an avid grower and like most I have spent mu
Garden & Outdoor	How do I protect the roots and adjust watering levels in a non-draining indoor pot?. The long, winding backstory:  We have a ru
Garden & Outdoor	How can a green leaved canna's flower color be found when not in bloom?. At a perennial sale once I found an unmarked canna wit
Garden & Outdoor	When is the best time to plant Knockout Roses in North Georgia?. I live in N. Georgia (USA) and I want to grow a rose bush. Kno
Garden & Outdoor	Pruning this grape vine during summer. I've just moved a neglected grape vine plant to a place where I want to espalier it prop
Garden & Outdoor	Do strawberry runners start from age zero?. They say that strawberry plants don't produce good fruit as they become a few years
Garden & Outdoor	Can snail pellets be safely used in a vegetable garden? If not, any safer alternatives?. Is it safe to use snail pellets in a v
Garden & Outdoor	Why do my gardenias turn yellow before they bloom?. My gardenias seem to be happy all year around, but when they bloom, they tu
Garden & Outdoor	Does a pomegranate tree need propping up?. We planted a small pomegranate tree (about 1 foot tall) a couple of years ago. The t
Garden & Outdoor	My composter has developed a sour smell and a lot of bugs. What am I doing wrong?. I set up a 7 cu ft rolling composter in my g
Garden & Outdoor	Why is my phalaenopsis' keiki (orchid) not thriving?. About five years ago, I bought a fully grown and blooming Phalaenopsis or
Garden & Outdoor	What is this anomalous growth on my oak leaf?. I found an interesting lesion on an oak leaf in my back yard (Upstate South Caro
Garden & Outdoor	How and when to plant young grafted fruit tree?. Our backyard is in a Mediterranean climate (Adelaide plains, South Australia) 
Garden & Outdoor	What are some small deciduous shrubs that can grow in USDA zone 4?. A particular site in our garden (USDA zone 4) has dry, sand
Garden & Outdoor	Can I thin grapes/vines in July?. I have bought a garden in Austria (Central Europe) which has some grape vines (I don't know t
Garden & Outdoor	Is September a good time to sow chili pepper seeds in Hong Kong?. I want to grow some habanero chili and jalapeÃ±o chili, but it
Garden & Outdoor	How much should I mulch my cherry tree?. I just planted a cherry tree, and it has a light amount of mulching (mostly fragments 
Garden & Outdoor	Should I be concerned about mushrooms in my lawn?. I have an array of several different types of mushrooms popping up in my fes
Garden & Outdoor	Why are my carrots white in the center?. We harvested all of the remaining carrots in our garden, and to our surprise a large n
Garden & Outdoor	What are these blemishes on the skin of my bell peppers?. I've noticed the following on two of my oldest bell-peppers, also cal
Garden & Outdoor	What is the best time and method for planting cauliflowers / broccoli in a southern US climate with frosts?. Inspired by the va
Garden & Outdoor	Pumpkins in Florida. I planted a patch on July 4th, seedlings sprouted a couple days later. Its been fungus/disease free (I spr
Garden & Outdoor	Can someone identify this vine for me?. This vine is growing up around a sycamore tree in my yard. Mainly I am concerned that i
Garden & Outdoor	Why did hydrangea flowers change from pink to light yellowish/brownish green?. We have a hydrangea in its second season planted
Garden & Outdoor	Terribly overgrown lawn - which grasses to keep / harvest. I have moved to a property where the lawn has not been cut for (acco
Garden & Outdoor	What is eating my ivy?. something is eating the ivy that covers a wall of my house. Is it a disease of is there something hidin
Garden & Outdoor	What should I be doing one month out to prepare garden beds for spring?. Woo-hoo! Starting to get excited... it will soon be sp
Garden & Outdoor	How can I control weeds in asparagus. I planted asparagus this year, and I have used a water permeable weed barrier to control 
Garden & Outdoor	how can I keep snails off my Day Lilies?. I have never had a problem with snails, but since planting a large swathe of day lili
Garden & Outdoor	Willowbranch in small pond: it grows, but what now?. I have a (very) small pond (well, it's a .5x.5 bin with foil) with some st
Garden & Outdoor	When is the best time of year to transplant established strawberries?. I've got a 4 foot by 8 foot bed of Mara des Bois strawbe
Garden & Outdoor	What is this houseplant with large waxy leaves and a reddish base?. I have a problem with my house plant that I want to researc
Garden & Outdoor	Dealing with Hydrangea with dark green flower tips and wilting leaves. I had a pot of hydrangeas for a few months which I keep 
Garden & Outdoor	How can I propagate raspberry plants from cuttings?. A few years ago I purchased five raspberry plants and since then all but o
Garden & Outdoor	Bag worm infestation on small pine trees. I noticed that some of my small pine trees (4 ft.) started turning brown and upon clo
Garden & Outdoor	Harvesting wrinkled jalapeÃ±os. After returning home from vacation I found many of my jalapeÃ±os to be wrinkled and shriveled up.
Garden & Outdoor	What's the best N-P-K ratio for Norfolk Island Pine?. What's the best N-P-K ratio for fertilizing Norfolk Island Pine? Accordin
Garden & Outdoor	crate myrtles. I have one crate myrtle in my back yard with four soft touch Holies around it in a flower garden. It has been be
Garden & Outdoor	disused gas maine. hi ive got a disused gas maine which we beleive is flooding our back garden now the grass has died and weeds
Garden & Outdoor	Mountain Laurel. We live in CT and have hundreds of Mountain Laurel surrounding our 2acre property. We have noticed leaf spotti
Garden & Outdoor	pecan tree bark coming off in large sections. my pecan tree is around 40 to 50 years old.very very big.it lives about 50 feet f
Garden & Outdoor	Two problem plants.. Hi, I live in France, and I have two plants giving me cause for concern. Â The first is a jasmin (nudifloru
Garden & Outdoor	soil washing away under grass. We have a problem with our grass Â every time it rains hard it washes away the soil under grass i
Garden & Outdoor	Ground cover. We just moved into our new home and the landscapers used pine straw for the mulch. We'll need to replace it soon 
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn Gradient to allow water Drainage. Dear Charlotte I have been trying all morning to get some information from web pages and
Garden & Outdoor	creating a lawn. Hi, I live in Northern Vermont. Â I cut down pines trees last year and am now tring to build a lawn. Â I am on s
Garden & Outdoor	Raised Red Spots on Maple Leaves. I have a young autumn blaze maple with thousands of raised red spots covering the leaves. Â Th
Garden & Outdoor	using sugar in flowerbeds; also, how soon can I use sugar on lawn after chemicals?. Hi Charlotte,  Well, sadly, I found this si
Garden & Outdoor	how to save a dying baby phaelenopsis roots. Baby Phaeleonopsis wit Hi, I live in East Africa, Tanzania, where climate is preat
Garden & Outdoor	Help needed with foxtail palms. Foxtail palm  We planted 6 ten foot foxtail palm trees in our yard 7 months ago. Three of them 
Garden & Outdoor	Aphids? on Japanese Red Maple. I noticed some holes on some of the leaves, and looking at the undersides of the leaves, I saw a
Garden & Outdoor	Dying flowering plum. QUESTION: Last year my flowering plum tree had spot where the leaves were a paler color than the usual de
Garden & Outdoor	peeling bark on orange tree. Bark has started to peel on trunk (not at ground level) and at base of largest limbs just this win
Garden & Outdoor	designer rocks/boulders. Hi im looking for this company that torches designs (horses, eagles) on these really big boulders I sa
Garden & Outdoor	Lemon Tree Pests. Today, my mom found that the underside of several leaves of her lemon tree were covered in a fuzzy, white sub
Garden & Outdoor	olive trees are dying!. dying olive Â  Three weeks ago we purchased 3 arbequina olive trees about 2 years old. They were in 5 ga
Garden & Outdoor	Crab Apple Tree - Black Aphids?. I really am trying to identify what is killing my crab apple tree. Â Last year we noticed stunt
Garden & Outdoor	Yucca tree disease. QUESTION: Good evening Dr. Vann, We have had a terrible start to winter here in England, with snow and seve
Garden & Outdoor	starting a front lawn and backyard over again. I just purchased a home in NJ and the backyard is dirt, weeds and very few 2inch
Garden & Outdoor	summer fun. I have an above ground pool, but my yard is uneven/slopes just enough that my pool pores out. My ? is this can i ju
Garden & Outdoor	Spreading Juniper fungus. We have a large spreading juniper. Â A few days ago I noticed a small patch of bright orange fungus
Garden & Outdoor	diseases of emerald arborvitae. I live in NE PA and had several Emerald Arborvitae planted last Aug. Â I watered them thru Sept.
Garden & Outdoor	Thompson Pink grapefruit. About two months ago I planted the tree. The leaves were a very deep green. The plant has several fru
Garden & Outdoor	Oleander plant leaves. Hi Kathy,  I've had an Oleander plant for 3 years now. Â Last year I was fighting spider mites, this year
Garden & Outdoor	lawn dry spots. I have a very large lawn that I maintain myself, every year in the same spots I get a fungus and the same spots
Garden & Outdoor	help with selecting the right evergreen trees. I just moved to a yellow house on one acre with a built in pool which can be see
Garden & Outdoor	Weeping Redbud problems. Weeping Redbud Leaves Â  Dr. Stephen,  I have just planted an Eastern Weeping Redbud in Dallas, Texas a
Garden & Outdoor	tri color beach tree /  disease gull. i have a tri- color beach aprox. 30 years old the last 3 years it has had a strange almos
Garden & Outdoor	help identifying lilac parasite. Hi, Over the past 8 years we have lost 4 rather large Lilac bushes / trees. Â I have 2 that cur
Garden & Outdoor	hi. Are you familiar with BLUE EUPHORBIA plants? Â Â We stopped using the irrigation system on it and resorted to hand watering. 
Garden & Outdoor	flowering peach tree. I've had my flowering peach tree for 5 years.at the end of last year i noticed the tree is turning a blac
Garden & Outdoor	white substance on Virginia Pine trunk. white foamy hard stuff I believe my tree is a virginia pine. Â White stuff shown in pict
Garden & Outdoor	parasites on grape vine. I live in Ontario and my grapevine is being eaten by very small black/brown  caterpillars/grubs? and I
Garden & Outdoor	miniature rose white spores. At the start of winter, my miniature rose leaves started turning a yellowish green and falling off
Garden & Outdoor	Diseased/Infested Sycamore Tree. I have two 50 year old sycamore trees, one of which appears to be healthy, the other is stunte
Garden & Outdoor	palm tree location. Would it be okay to plant a Queen palm between my neighbors house and mine,right next to the fence, and do 
Garden & Outdoor	palm trees. Hi Mark, we just got a in ground swimming pool put in. in the corner we left a 5ft. round planter where we didn't p
Garden & Outdoor	trees for mobilehome park. ------------------------- Mark, Mostly pine, mimosa, cypress,mulberry. Â I think that covers it. Â Jud
Garden & Outdoor	Overseeding Fescue with Bermuda. QUESTION:  I live in Fuquay Varina, NC. This is just outside of Raleigh for those who may be w
Garden & Outdoor	spider webs on gardenia buds. In Washington, DC, I have a gardenia plant that lives outside in the spring, summer, and inside i
Garden & Outdoor	Nutall Oak problem. Dear Jim...I planted 50 Nutall Oaks on my place two years ago. I have done  my best to keep them watered an
Garden & Outdoor	sealing tumbled stone patio. Is it a good idea to seal tumbled brussel stone. We have a new patio, and I have heard that this s
Garden & Outdoor	house plant infestation. I have a hibiscus (inside variety) which looks like it has been peppered with a pepper shaker. Â I trie
Garden & Outdoor	tree care. Hello Stephen, I have a combination of dwarf alberta spruce, cypress-(eastern red cedar and aborvitae) in the yard. 
Garden & Outdoor	botony. Q.1 what is unisexual flower? can a unisexual flower be self pollinated? please clear my doubt.
Garden & Outdoor	Tulip Poplar Trees and Scales. QUESTION: I live in Kingman, Kansas, which is in South Central Kansas (hardiness zone 6a). Â I am
Garden & Outdoor	Reseeding entire lawn. We planted a grass called No Mow Grass last year. Â It came up very spotty and is full of weeds. Â Also so
Garden & Outdoor	Lemon tree-tan lemons. I found tan lemons on my tree, meyer lemon, in No Calif, full of lots of good lemons higher on the tre
Garden & Outdoor	Evergreen Globes. Is now (Spring) a good time to plant small Evergreen Globes that remain small in size? Â I am in a townhouse s
Garden & Outdoor	japanese cherry blossom trees. me and my grandparnets r planing to get some cherry blossom trees adn will i live in eaton rapid
Garden & Outdoor	Walkway pavers. I would like to install pavers on stone dust only, not with crush stone for the base. It's only 4'x 40' flat ar
Garden & Outdoor	river cobble. I am thinking about using med. size rivver cobble to fill and around my drainage ditches. The ditch alwasys fills
Garden & Outdoor	fruitless mulberry tree. My trees leaves are starting to look like they are wilting . I live in the soutwest and we have so muc
Garden & Outdoor	concreat pad needs leveled for pool. I have recently purchased a large surface pool and the area i would like to set it up on i
Garden & Outdoor	Plant ID. plant Â  QUESTION: Hi Ms Melissa,   Â May I know what's the ID of this Impatien hybrid?(see att.image) And what is the 
Garden & Outdoor	GoatHead Yard. hello. my backyard is full of what appear to be goatheads in their lively green stage. i watered and watered and
Garden & Outdoor	brownspots on bermuda grass. I live in San Antonio TX. Last fall Bermuda grass from sod was planted in my front yard. Our soil 
Garden & Outdoor	Bad Bugs and Starting Organic!. I have been reading some of your replies about organic gardening and my husband and I want to g
Garden & Outdoor	Magnolia tree leaf disease. My small magnolia tree (6 ft) has what looks like warts or blisters on the leaves. They are hollow 
Garden & Outdoor	grape vine problem. Dear Ms. Olson,  I bought three seedless, sweet grape vines and grew them inside until the danger of frost 
Garden & Outdoor	Pavers/cobbles for the backyard. We had a deck in our backyard, which we recently removed. There's concrete layer underneath. Â 
Garden & Outdoor	Black mold on holly bushes. I am from Louisville, Ky and was trimming holly bushes with the black mold on them. About 1 day lat
Garden & Outdoor	Gardenia bush. I have had this gardenia bush for over 15 years. It started last year getting growths on the trunks, they look l
Garden & Outdoor	Black Medic is legume, so why not good for lawn?. I read a your very useful exchange on natural lawn growth and use of white cl
Garden & Outdoor	lawn color patchy. The color of my lawn is patchy with soft green and dark green sections. Â I'm guessing this is from using dif
Garden & Outdoor	Redtop[Agrostisalba]. How to rid my lawn of this bad grass? If I kill out my lawn[which I have tried in spots]the seeds seam to
Garden & Outdoor	Nut Grass - Organic Lawn Care. We are trying to have a chemical-free, organic lawn and are having a lot of trouble with nut gra
Garden & Outdoor	African Lily Disease. I live in south Florida and have many (what I believe to be)white flowering african lilies(Agapanthus)gro
Garden & Outdoor	Japanese Moss to fix my lawn. I have heard from someone that there is a Japanese Moss that can tolerate near drought conditions
Garden & Outdoor	prob: narrow shaded pathway btw houses. zip:30350,low budget,functional style:The southside of our very high 2-story house is j
Garden & Outdoor	Covering a sloping hillside. Our front yard has a sloping hillside that is covered with what the landscaping plans call 'sticky
Garden & Outdoor	landscape design fees. I am starting my own landscape design business and need help setting up a fee schedule. Â Is it better to
Garden & Outdoor	Sweet Gum Tree. I have been told that there is a type of hormone treatment that can be used on the sweet gum tree so that it do
Garden & Outdoor	Antique climbing rose buses. Hi how are u? Â I bought 4 antigue climbing rose bushes this august (I live in southeast texas abou
Garden & Outdoor	Palm Tree Disease. I have a Chinese Fan Palm which I keep in my bathroom. It stands about 6-7 feet tall and has been growing ni
Garden & Outdoor	Sick Umbrella plant. Umbrella Plant Â  The plant is about 10 years old and 5-6 feet tall. Never any problems until now . The lea
Garden & Outdoor	Cycads. Cycad We have 3 Cycads in the garden 2 females and a male. the bulb in the middle of each looks diseased with red bulbs
Garden & Outdoor	straw with some mold. I have bales of straw I got last year for mulching. I found when I broke into them there was some mold in
Garden & Outdoor	Zoysia Sod. We had Zoysia sod laid about two months ago (March) and the landscaping company that laid it has gone out of busine
Garden & Outdoor	goosegrass. I live in northwest Ohio. Last July I planted a new yard. This year it has goosegrass in it. What can I do to get r
Garden & Outdoor	Dead Grass over Septic Tank. This is similar to a previous question. I have just noticed that the grass over my septic tank is 
Garden & Outdoor	Determination of cation exchange capacity. How to estimate cation exchange capacity and the presence of exchangeable cation (Ca
Garden & Outdoor	Fungus in mulched areas. QUESTION: I have noticed a yellow slimy looking substance, I assume it is a type of fungus and/or mold
Garden & Outdoor	Onion grass growing a lot all over lawn now 11-15-2009. Should I apply weed and feed to the lawn at this time here in Nashville
Garden & Outdoor	putting on crabgrass preventer. When is the best time to put crabgrass preventer on? Fall or spring or both? Also, I want to pu
Garden & Outdoor	Cut grass short for Winter?. I have 5 acres. Â I treat about 2 acres of the lawn around my house with weed and feed. Â So, this g
Garden & Outdoor	Flowers for late August/Early Sept.. My daughter is getting married at the end of August. Â My front flower bed is where some pi
Garden & Outdoor	fruitless mulberry tree problem. one section of the fruitless Â mulberry tree is dying leaves turned yellow and brown and seems 
Garden & Outdoor	Sunset Maple-Diseased?. QUESTION: I have a Sunset Maple about 12-15 feet tall that I planted 3 years ago. Â This year, it has de
Garden & Outdoor	What to use instead of mulch ..... I just had a 500 sq ft patio put it with Arbel Stone. It's beautiful. It is also curvey. Â I 
Garden & Outdoor	what is the better grass seed. My daughter lot is strickley sand.  What kind of grass will grow better in that type of soil?
Garden & Outdoor	proper drainage. My homes ventilation vents are in the second row,from the ground, of the concrete block foundation. There is a
Garden & Outdoor	raised bed next to fence. In march 2012 you answered a question about building a raised bed along a cedar fence. I found the im
Garden & Outdoor	dirt over where pool was. We just took down a 12x17 pool and would like to plant grass where is was,but the clay is still there
Garden & Outdoor	pineapple guava tree problem. Hi Kathy, My pineapple guava tree is pretty old & big... loaded with fruit, but a lot of the leav
Garden & Outdoor	Bermuda in Virginia. QUESTION: I live in Hampton Roads which is on the border of being considered the southern zone for growi
Garden & Outdoor	Meyer lemon tree infestation?. Greetings. I have a small Meyer lemon tree I planted in a pot last fall. I am in  Portland OR, a
Garden & Outdoor	30 yr. old tangelo orange tree florida. On some branches the bark is cracking and peeling off and then the whole branch dies. T
Garden & Outdoor	tree holes. I have recently noticed that on my Cedar Spruce tree that there are holes in the bark. Â They go completely around t
Garden & Outdoor	Orange Jasmine hedge. I have a hedge about ft. tall of Orange Jasmine that has been healthy but now is showing signs of yellowi
Garden & Outdoor	Resoding. Hello, I have tree roots just below the ground and at the surface of my grass. My neighbor told me that you can lay n
Garden & Outdoor	painting a bird bath. I recently found a beautiful but neglected bird bath. I tnink its made of tara cota. What should I paint 
Garden & Outdoor	design question. Hello,  We live in coastal Georgia and would like to have a large Hibiscus as the focal point in one of the 
Garden & Outdoor	thin St Augustine. I live in Orlando , FL and I have been following a Scots fertilizer program to help thicken my lawn up , bee
Garden & Outdoor	A brown fungus (?) killing my lawn. Hi there: Â I have some brown, low growing fungi (at least I think that's what it is) killin
Garden & Outdoor	Dead Grass Ring. QUESTION: I have a ring of dead grass around each of my Live Oak trees. Â The trees are no more that 5 years ol
Garden & Outdoor	Sod lawn stays too wet. Hello. Â I had my backyard landscaped and had sod put in, almost two months ago. Â Since the first week, 
Garden & Outdoor	Asian Jasmine - safe for dogs?  Armadillo repellant?. Is Asian Jasmine safe if my dog were to develop a taste for it - I have t
Garden & Outdoor	lawn pests. Hi! Â I have a nice looking lawn of about 1.6 of an acre in front of my house. Â No one in the area has fences in the
Garden & Outdoor	witch grass in my lawn. How do I kill the witch grass in my lawn without killing my lawn?
Garden & Outdoor	Step stone material choice. Hi, I would like to know what material is the best choice when looking for pre-made garden stepping
Garden & Outdoor	burned/damaged entire lawn (Michigan Resident). Hi..I bought a new product to rid of weeds..After applying, my lawn (3 acres) b
Garden & Outdoor	GROWING UNDER HEMLOCKS. Marc, hi I have a row of 10 Hemlocks which I use for privacy. I Would like to put plants or something i
Garden & Outdoor	Massive insects and fungus. We have a nursery and we have aphids and mold covering our fruit trees, oak, maple trees, crape myr
Garden & Outdoor	lawn mushrooms. I have had trouble this year with an amazing number of mushrooms in my lawn - toadstool-types in brown and whit
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn disease. My lawn is getting big brown patches that are not due to over or under watering. Â Do you have any suggestions?
Garden & Outdoor	Weed Killers. I am located in Norfolk Va. Â We are using Cypruss Mulch in our flower garden. Â This year we had alot of weeds. Â M
Garden & Outdoor	Mushroom or fungus pests. My front yard has nearly 10 instances of a bizarre fungus that is amorphous (not symmetrical) in shap
Garden & Outdoor	different colors of the growing lawn. Two weeks ago I reseated an area of about 10' by 4'. I removed old soil laid down new soi
Garden & Outdoor	Epiphyllum oxypetalum - disease. Epiphyllum oxypetalum Â  QUESTION: Hi Melissa, thank you so very much for taking the time to an
Garden & Outdoor	gardening. in school, were doig the maine studies project, and i cant find the answer to a question. The question is  What a f
Garden & Outdoor	Centipede Grass Maintenance. I live in Western South Carolina near Augusta Ga. Â Â Eighteen months ago I moved into a new house o
Garden & Outdoor	Centipede Grass. I have a fescue lawn that is being invaded by centipede grass. Â I want to kill the centipede but have not foun
Garden & Outdoor	rocky lawn. We have a front yard [appx 15 X 40- flat area] that use to be used as a gravel circle drive. Â Also the soil is very
Garden & Outdoor	flower beds. is there anything i can use to get rid of the grass and weeds in my flower beds without harming the flowers.
Garden & Outdoor	petunia pest. we have black dots on our leaves and black larva underneath. there are also green half-inch worms. please advise.
Garden & Outdoor	plumcot -aprium  disease. What is the treatment for a plumcot tree that has honey colored, gummy oozings coming from the branch
Garden & Outdoor	Chinese Pistache Tree Dying/Diseased. Our 4 year old Chinese Pistache Tree suddenly appears to be dying. Â The leaves turned bro
Garden & Outdoor	Asian Jasmine - How to kill. My front and side yard are all asian jasmine. Â I would like to put St. Augustine grass in most par
Garden & Outdoor	New Lawn. I just bought a new house and the builder put down a good amount of bermuda sod. well he put it down and it sat there
Garden & Outdoor	Lawns and Cesspools. I recently installed a new cesspool (May) regrew a new lawn where they'd dug up.During the heavy rains of 
Garden & Outdoor	sand on grass. 1. Please tell me the advantages of putting sand on turf? 2. I'm a huge advocate of compost & soon a producer of
Garden & Outdoor	Invasive plants. QUESTION: I know that you are not in my region, Pacific NW, but you may know something about getting rid of an
Garden & Outdoor	Wild grass removal. Hi. We had an area in our lawn that is strictly wild grass. The rest of our lawn is beautiful Bermuda. We w
Garden & Outdoor	wood choices. Hello. thank you for being here. I have moved to central California area. I have three choices for wood used outd
Garden & Outdoor	appropriate legumes in Pemgranate orchard. Hi, I already planted favabeams and snappeas in an orchard of pomegranate and avocad
Garden & Outdoor	Identifying tree diseases. Jim  I am looking for an illustrated book that would ease the identification of forest tree diseases
Garden & Outdoor	Roach Control. I had a dreadful problem last year that concerns me. I want to make sure it does not happen again.  Roaches from
Garden & Outdoor	Using Suger as weed killer. Thank You so much. I will write back with the results ------------------------------------------- T
Garden & Outdoor	Filling in lawn. I live in midlands of South Carolina. Â My lawn is St. Augustine I believe. Â There are several areas of my lawn
Garden & Outdoor	lawn going to seed. Why is my lawn going to seed after only a few days after mowing? Â How can I get rid of the hard seed stocks
Garden & Outdoor	white lawn. Why does my entire lawn look as if it is going to seed? Â 
Garden & Outdoor	Brown patch. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hi, we use a lawn service(True Green) and have a sloppy park a
Garden & Outdoor	Red Thatch. HI  I live in East Northport and my lawn is really looking pretty good this year because of the rain. However I hav
Garden & Outdoor	Problem Corner Area. Can you recommend a good do-it-yourself landscape program that will let me put in my coordinates, ie. pati
Garden & Outdoor	Jasmine Plant Care. jasmine Hi Ms Melissa,   Â May I know if my Jasmine Sambac is getting enough sunlight? It looks alittle legg
Garden & Outdoor	Pricing fall cleanup. Hi,what is the average rate for a fall cleanup? I have a client that I have had for 2 years and now her h
Garden & Outdoor	Fire blight in roses. I removed a fire blighted rose and replanted a new rose in the same spot. Â It  now seems to have fire bli
Garden & Outdoor	Dog run. Hi all. I obviously have a question.    We have a dog run in our back. Its about 8'x32'. We have three dogs who use th
Garden & Outdoor	Fungus Problem, and Broad leaf. I have lived in my existing home for only a year, and this is the first lawn I have had to care
Garden & Outdoor	re: Laying down sod. I replaced the bad pieces. but before I put down the new pieces I leveled the ground. As for the other pie
Garden & Outdoor	new lawn. I am starting a new lawn (~800sq.ft.)from bare soil in a shady backyard(<3hrs. sun) Â I have tilled and leveled somewh
Garden & Outdoor	Making bear totum pole. starting making a bear totum pole, saw someone selling them at a fair and looked like it wood be fun to
Garden & Outdoor	homemade flower bed fence. hi my name is joey i live in lincoln county wv. i have some old scrap boards and other odds and ends
Garden & Outdoor	Tooth fungus on my saw tooth oak tree. What can I do to get rid of this fungus off the branches of my 20 year old oak tree? Â Ca
Garden & Outdoor	Yucca Disease. Yucca leaf Â  QUESTION: We have a Yucca tree that is about 5 years old and has spotted brown patches on some of t
Garden & Outdoor	lawns. I just heard Allen Smith on Ch 5 T.V.talk about a lawn from a research center in Lebonon, Oregon that can go for a month
Garden & Outdoor	Retaining wall replacement surrounding driveway. Sean, The railroad tie retaining wall holding up the asphalt driveway have rot
Garden & Outdoor	Used rail road ties. I am looking for used railroad ties to build a retaining wall. Â I know Home Depot and some others sell the
Garden & Outdoor	Need a rather short, narrow drought tolerant privacy hedge. Hi, We are finishing up our patio in our backyard and want to borde
Garden & Outdoor	Exterior slate. We are building a commercial building in Northern Arizona where the winter temperatures can be quite cold (snow
Garden & Outdoor	landscape design student. Hey Mark,  Â Â I was wondering what the benefits of planting sterile flowers might be? Â It is alittle l
Garden & Outdoor	Weeding. Hi. I have planted perennial grass or monkey grass, after a year I have decided to split all new growth. Â Then comes
Garden & Outdoor	Need ideas for making my own English Garden. Good evening, Â Â Â Â My husband and I recently bought our house and it has an area th
Garden & Outdoor	landscape help. Thanks for the service. Â I'll keep it simple. Â I live in 94565. Â Hot as heck during the summer and somewhat of 
Garden & Outdoor	Boxwoods. Dear Laura, Â Â Â As a follow-up. Â Thanks for your response. Â I m disappointed that it won t be easy or even possible to
Garden & Outdoor	Grow grass not rocks!. We recently moved into a newly constructed home. The ground that was dug up to install the septic tank a
Garden & Outdoor	Sloped Lake Lot. Mark,  We live in central Alabama and bought a lake cabin for summer fun. Â The lot was overgrown when we purch
Garden & Outdoor	Problem with Boxwoods. I recently purchased four boxwoods from a local nursery and have a problem. Â I planted the shrubs in the
Garden & Outdoor	Maple tree bark coming off.... Greetings Jim. Â A maple tree in our yard has begun loosing it's bark at the base of the tree, a 
Garden & Outdoor	Landscape Lighting. Landscape Look Hi Sean, I am looking to add some landscape lighting to the front of our house and had a few
Garden & Outdoor	bamboo palm. We have a bamboo palm infested with mealy bugs for several years. Â It's been treated with several concoctions, the
Garden & Outdoor	Heliconia. I recently bought a heliconia (Lady Di) and separated it into two pots. I didn't realize the potting soil already ha
Garden & Outdoor	flowering groundcover for a very moist area. I have a flower bed that gets too much water and is moist...is there a flowering g
Garden & Outdoor	remove grass for playground. I live a few miles from Salt Lake City, Utah...we bought a redwood playground center for our backg
Garden & Outdoor	circles of dead grass on lawn. Where my dogs (bitches)urinate on the lawn the  grass dies and a circle of dark green lush grass
Garden & Outdoor	Maxillaria tenuifoli Help. Hi Ms Melissa,   Â Â I repotted my Maxillaria tenuifoli 1 month ago and replaced its old set of pottin
Garden & Outdoor	oyster shells in patio use. patio Â  Hi, I want to use oyster shells in between the the stepping stone patio I have built. The j
Garden & Outdoor	Autumn Blaze Maple Aphid Infestation. I have a autumn blaze maple that is about 4 years old and 30 ft tall by 20 ft wide. Â Iï¿½ve
Garden & Outdoor	autumn blaze maple problems. autumn blaze maple iss Â  I have an autumn blaze maple tree that was planted as a memorial to my ch
Garden & Outdoor	Meyer lemon leaf problem. Hi,  I recently brought home three small improved Meyer Lemon trees. Â All three were potted in the 
Garden & Outdoor	Disease in my apple tree. I have an apple tree in my backyard (I think it's a golden delicious) it's mature  and it has this wh
Garden & Outdoor	Straw is overtaking the front of my property. QUESTION: I've lived in my wooded property for over 40 years. Over the past 5 y
Garden & Outdoor	Yard drainage. QUESTION: My dad's house has a breezeway & garage at one end that sits lower than the rest of the house. Â For so
Garden & Outdoor	Snow Melter Around Grass. What about Salts? Â Why are these bad esp if they have Potassium in them? ----------------------------
Garden & Outdoor	Moss or Green stuff on tree trunk. There is light green stuff on my tree trunks. The one tree/bush has sap seeping from the
Garden & Outdoor	Decorative stone. I reside in Western Canada where the climate is very dry and the weather is unpredictable, to say the least. 
Garden & Outdoor	spider webs on dwarf yaupon holly. My dwarf yaupon holly have spider webs all over them. The leaves turn brown near the webs an
Garden & Outdoor	landscaped design surrounding a fountain. Mark, I am in the Southeast, SC to be exact. I have a landscape designer I have been 
Garden & Outdoor	Shade garden design in So Cal.. Hello Laura! Thanks for your help! I am a homeschooling mother of four, without a lot of time o
Garden & Outdoor	Shaded lawns. I manage a mid sized lawn care operation in Scarborough, Maine. Â We maintain a variety of types of properties a
Garden & Outdoor	dead patches. We recently moved into a 7 year old house in Portland, OR, and have small, 6 - 10 dia brown patches in the front
Garden & Outdoor	Turffalo Grass. I live in Arlington, Texas and I am starting a new yard and it has been suggested that I use Turffalo Brand tur
Garden & Outdoor	Mature Miniature Crab Tree - Leaf Scab. QUESTION: The tree is 35 years old and I had been treating it for leaf scab with an ext
Garden & Outdoor	Plum tree problems. My husband and I have a plum tree in our back yard. Â It is planted close enough to a Sweet Gum tree that th
Garden & Outdoor	white on my Orange tree bark. My Orange tree is 3 years and it is only 4 feet high and did not produce any oranges last season.
Garden & Outdoor	insects inside weeping cherry trunk. QUESTION: Help! My poor weeping cherry, which is about 20 years old started to look bit sa
Garden & Outdoor	Foundation Plantings. QUESTION: I'm hoping you can help. Â I live in Connecticut, Zone 6. Â Our house is a shade of taupe with wh
Garden & Outdoor	desert landscaping plan. I am looking for a basic desert DIY landscaping design plan for my front yard. Â I live in the Palm Spr
Garden & Outdoor	pond building. QUESTION: hi im a bricklayer from england, and hav covered a number of projects over the years, but never really
Garden & Outdoor	surrounding well with stones. We have an old covered well in our backyard that sits above ground about 12. Â I'd like to encirc
Garden & Outdoor	Growing Trees Indoors.. Hi, I have about 600 1.5 year old tree seedlings (Colardo Blue Spruce and some White Pine) in foot diam
Garden & Outdoor	Pear tree disease. i have two pear trees, the beginning of summer the leaves looks green and beautiful after the leaves has a b
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn in Maryland. I live in Mount Airy, Maryland and have about 2 1/2 acres of lawn. Â Because we have a well, can't keep it all
Garden & Outdoor	Brown grass-constant. Regarless of what we do , there are several patches of brown grass. We use Chem Lawn frequently and oter 
Garden & Outdoor	Weed and grass control. Ms. Charlotte: Â I was in charge of landscaping our Sunday School. Â I thought I did everything right: I 
Garden & Outdoor	Overseeding and crabgrass treatment. Hi, I have a house in the North Fork which is developing a bad case of 'crabgrass'. The la
Garden & Outdoor	Organic gardening. How do you stay green and weedfree without using pesticides and fertilizers?
Garden & Outdoor	What is the best season to plant grass seed?. My last child headed to college last August and I had been planning to pay more a
Garden & Outdoor	Yellow circle in zoysia grass. For the past five years, a 6-7 inch completely yellow (no green grass in the middle)circular spo
Garden & Outdoor	brick planter. QUESTION: Hi, I'm re-using red bricks (8 x 4 x 2)to build small raised planter boxes. Â I'm using them flat, s
Garden & Outdoor	lawn. i'm writing from Memphis, TN. i have a lawn with a mixture of two kinds of Bermuda, common and hybrid. mixed in that is a
Garden & Outdoor	Clay heavy soil. I live in Southern California and my husband and I plan to lay St. Augustine or maybe Bermuda sod to our backy
Garden & Outdoor	grass seed. Hello Gene,  I left an opened bag of grass seed outdoors by accident under the deck back in October and when I look
Garden & Outdoor	spidery webs in bartlet pear. we came back from vacation to see miscelaneous dead leaves on my bartlett pear, I pulled one down
Garden & Outdoor	How to fix my terrible soil. I am buying a home that has a yard with most likely terrible soil that is filled with spotty grass
Garden & Outdoor	lawn amendments. So how do we amend our NC red clay for the lawn without tearing the whole thing up? Â My front yard is full of 
Garden & Outdoor	Thinning lawn. I have a small lawn in North Carolina, tall fescue. It is in great shape in the front, where it has high sun. Th
Garden & Outdoor	Alternative lawns. I could care less about what I plant in the portion of my yard fenced in for my dogs. Â The rest of my lawn i
Garden & Outdoor	Yellow Spots on Stem of Cilantro. Yikes! I just started my first herb garden in a window box on a very sunny side of my house. 
Garden & Outdoor	Zoysia grass and fungus. Just had Zoysia sod installed 2wks.ago. Have been advised to add Fungus control. We have been watering
Garden & Outdoor	aspens in lawns. We live in Denver and recently had to have a very large aspen tree removed  (including having stump ground) ne
Garden & Outdoor	Residential Lawn trimming business. I want to establish a residential lawn trimming business...I need to be able to access back
Garden & Outdoor	Sugar to sweeten tree. My gardener said that I could sprinkle sugar under my grapefruit tree to help make the fruit sweeter. Â I
Garden & Outdoor	Red Japanese maple, mostly shade, in East PA. QUESTION: This Â maple about 20-25 years old, mostly shady area about 15 feet tall
Garden & Outdoor	Dog spots on the lawn. QUESTION: Local dog-walkers pass my house every morning and every night. They usually clean up after the
Garden & Outdoor	ornamental plum tree black knot disease. Is there anything I can do during this season to start the cure of black knot disease 
Garden & Outdoor	jasmine. I purchased and planted a jasmine vine about 4 years ago.I don't remember exactly what kind it was. It has grown very 
Garden & Outdoor	our sago palm. Our Sago Palm turned crispy brown over the winter.My husband has trimmed it back in hope that it will turn green
Garden & Outdoor	Coral bark japanesse maple.... Hello, I am here to describe my dire problem, ok, here goes: Some 30 days ago, I re-potted my ma
Garden & Outdoor	bark or mulch?. HI, WE ARE PUTTING DOWN LANDSCAPE FABRIC IN THE DIRT AREAS ( LONG STIPS 4FT WIDE AROUND THE PERIMETER OF THE GR
Garden & Outdoor	ugly catch basin cover by front porch. I need help in disguising/hiding the ugly concrete cover for a catch basin that's right 
Garden & Outdoor	damage to grass while frozen. If grass is damaged by walking on it when frozen what is the long term result. Is there any damag
Garden & Outdoor	new KBG lawn with major POA. QUESTION: Hi,  I am in dire need of your advice. Am in Long Island myself, and decided to grow a n
Garden & Outdoor	landscape design around a wishing well. Hello! Â I have a large flat area of grass surrounding a brick, square shaped wishing we
Garden & Outdoor	greenhouse. Hi, Â I didn't see any category that quite related to my question but perhaps you can direct me. I'm purchasing 6 ac
Garden & Outdoor	Extra red boulders / rocks. Hi Sean,  I have recently completed pouring a 16' x 24' patio in my backyard. In the process of get
Garden & Outdoor	baging vs mulching. is it better to mulch or bag grass?
Garden & Outdoor	Pool/yard flooding. With all the rain here in florida our yard & pool have flooded twice. The county guys came out, after check
Garden & Outdoor	gravel pathway. Sean, I am planning to build a gravel pathway in our back yard and need help in planning the base. Â I would lik
Garden & Outdoor	live oak tree roots and house foundation. MArc, We have been in this house (concete foundation) for 20 years. Â My husband plant
Garden & Outdoor	ROCK YARD. MR. RAY, Â MY PROPERTY IS 15 MI. INLAND FROM SAN DIEGO, AND I WANT TO REPLACE MY GRASS YARD WITH STONES & ROCK..IF I 
Garden & Outdoor	Steep hill on a lake. Hi Marc, We live on a lake in central Minnesota. Our lot is about 50' wide and in the backyard, to get do
Garden & Outdoor	French Drains--Longevity. I saw you answered another question on French drains so I thought you might be able to help us. Â How 
Garden & Outdoor	planting trees for energy conservation. I would like to plant some trees on the west side of my newly constructed home to help 
Garden & Outdoor	low native grass. Is there a North/Central Florida native grass that stays low so I don't have to mow it. I want to get rid of 
Garden & Outdoor	Plum Shothole, bugs or disease?. Shothole Â bark rolled back Â  Hello Dr. Vann, My 3-4 yr.old Catalina Plum has Shothole on the l
Garden & Outdoor	Flowering Cherry Tree problem. We live on the NE side of Houston, TX. Â We have sandy soil that drains well. Â Planted a flowerin
Garden & Outdoor	planting oak trees. What is the fastest growing oak tree that I can plant here in Ft. Myers, FL? Â I think this is a zone 9/10 a
Garden & Outdoor	brown lawn. I fertilzed my lawn a couple of months ago. Everything was looking good, but now a portion has turned brown. What c
Garden & Outdoor	lemon & apricot diseases. 1. My 3 yr old dwarf lemon tree has never had fruit & now some of the leaves are curling & deformed
Garden & Outdoor	aliens taking over my Oak Tree??. alien thing What are these things please. I thought maybe they were wasp galls, but am not so
Garden & Outdoor	burford holly leaf drop. I have a small holly, I think burford, which is dropping new leaves (new growth this year, in middle 
Garden & Outdoor	persimmon tree disease. my Â Fuyu Persimmon Â tree Â about Â 10 Â year Â old, Â has Â been Â giving Â great Â fruits. we live zone Â 7 ( No
Garden & Outdoor	Aspen pines. Last year I paid TruGreen and they treated my dwarf Aspin Pines for mites and a deep feeding. Â How can I treat m
Garden & Outdoor	lilac problems. My lilac branches appear to be dying. They have a sort of greenish-grey spotted coating on them. The affected b
Garden & Outdoor	Scale, Black dust & Oil. I live near Guadalajara Mexico and have a container garden with these plants in the sun all day. I hav
Garden & Outdoor	Madagascar Palm (Pachypodium). Hi I have a mad. palm (~14inches) which seems to hate sunlight. Â Despite all blogs online where 
Garden & Outdoor	Spiders/webs hedges. I have hedges along the front of my house. Every spring it gets covered in spider webs and stays that way 
Garden & Outdoor	Weird growth on Oak trees. There are several oak trees on our property and I've noticed golf ball size fuzzy balls with red spo
Garden & Outdoor	Fertilizer on new sod. Hello Ronald,  I have a question regarding fertilizing new sod. Â I live in Northwest Illinois. Â Last fal
Garden & Outdoor	maple tree infestation?. maple tree I have a 25 year old maple tree that began showing signs of a bug infestation or disease la
Garden & Outdoor	Sago Palm. The new growth on two Sago Palms appears to have turned yellow overnight! Â What can be done and what can be used saf
Garden & Outdoor	meyer lemon tree fruit. My meyer lemon trees fruit look like something is eating the outer layer of the fruit. Almost looks lik
Garden & Outdoor	Soil disease. Hi Jim,  Â I have a problem with what looks like it may be a fungus attaching and  growing on the roots of some pl
Garden & Outdoor	Oyster Shells in Southern California. Hi, I'm in the LA area and have been searching tirelessly for a supplier of oyster shells
Garden & Outdoor	Non bearing Mulberry Tree. I live in southwestern NM, and I have a non bearing Mulberry tree in my front yard that is 16 years 
Garden & Outdoor	New Sod & Plants. We just recently sided and roofed the house. It took longer then expected to be complete. We would like to pu
Garden & Outdoor	Magnolia Tree Disease. I have a potted magnolia approx 9ft tall with new growth and flower buds. I water it daily. Many of the 
Garden & Outdoor	planting ivy on grass. hi long island gardener~ Â i have a bit of a hill from the street down into my front yard and it's killin
Garden & Outdoor	planting around trees. We have an established willow tree and would like to plant some annuals or perrenials around it. Â How fa
Garden & Outdoor	Flowing Plum Tree. Tree leaf this season the tree started out blooming very well,but it has just started to do the same thing a
Garden & Outdoor	Areca Palm as a hedge. My wife and I were at a landscaping place where we live in Florida and were looking to make a hedge alon
Garden & Outdoor	brown or scorched areas. My lawn was sodded in Oct. of '06. This spring it has taken very well, as it is very thick and lush. H
Garden & Outdoor	Rust colored lawn. I just recently moved to Omaha, Nebraska 68116 and I have had trouble trying to get my lawn looking nice eve
Garden & Outdoor	pavers vs. flagstone. What are the similarities and differences in installing pavers and flagstone. Â What are any additional op
Garden & Outdoor	English Ivy. I just chopped some overgrown bushes in my very sunny front grassy lawn. Â After the bushes were pulled, we found E
Garden & Outdoor	white sap on leaves. i have five Plumeria in my yard of diferent sizes and they all started to produce this thin sticky layer o
Garden & Outdoor	Apply new seed vs. pre-emergent. Kenneth -   I have a relatively young lawn (seeded in fall of 2005), which is slowly coming in
Garden & Outdoor	re: soggy lawn. it could be many things, broken pipe what type of soil clay? or in my case i had to run a drain the lenth of 
Garden & Outdoor	Grass seeding. We just moved to Central Fl and we bought a new house. I am told that it is Bahia Grass. We have several bald ar
Garden & Outdoor	killing henbit. Chesapeake, VA  Thanks for your earlier remarks Kenneth. Â I have identified the weed culprit as Henbit. Â My res
Garden & Outdoor	rolling a new lawn. Am I supposed to roll the dirt when I plant new grass seed? Â If so, before or after I rake in the seeds? 
Garden & Outdoor	lawn rolling. I was wondering Â I have a very large yard and it has a lot of mole  mounds in it and it is kind of rough I was wo
Garden & Outdoor	Hard Clay Lawn. Hi Charlotte,  A BIG THANKS for your sugar tip!  I am in the Poconos of Pennsylvania. I have aproximately 30,00
Garden & Outdoor	Organic Gardening. I read about the dollar weed sugar and that is amazing! I live in North Florida Jacksonville and Dollar Weed
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn care and over seeding. Thanks for the response. To fill in some details - I am growing in full sun. Other than milky spore
Garden & Outdoor	lawn. when is the best time to seed a lawn, in northen calif. and what size pipe should be used for sprinkler system.. Â 
Garden & Outdoor	fungicide recommendations. I actually have heard of compost tea. However, I do not have a compost pile. What do you suggest i
Garden & Outdoor	forsythia. My fosythia bush seems very healthy, but it has knobby brown balls on alot of the limbs. Some are as small as a pea,
Garden & Outdoor	diseases of the rubber tree. What can be the diseaese causing dieback of rubber trees, and the cure? How can the white root dis
Garden & Outdoor	Puddles on the sides of the house. Whenever we get heavy rains (which is about 4x year only :)), I notice that on certain sides
Garden & Outdoor	terrmites&fungus on tree. My mom has a big tree in the front yard with some problems. First off it has a fat, plate shaped fung
Garden & Outdoor	pine tree fungus. I have a large evergreen pine tree. Not sure of the type, but it has large orange like finger growths on it. 
Garden & Outdoor	petunia. Hi, My petunia leaves were looking green and healthy but this past week the leaves are turning yellow from the outside
Garden & Outdoor	Ficus leaves turn white. We have an old ficus tree recently moved outside for the summer. Â Quickly about 20% of the leaves, bot
Garden & Outdoor	Leaf gall. My sasanqua camellias are covered with leaf gall. I was told years ago to pick them off and dispose of them. Â How do
Garden & Outdoor	Planting an October Glory Maple. We are replacing a cottonwood tree we had to remove 6 or 7 years ago and have decided to repla
Garden & Outdoor	lilac bushes/insects. I have an existing lilac bush that has ladybugs in the grassy area around it. Is this healthy?
Garden & Outdoor	problem with weeping willow. QUESTION: Hi! Â I have a weeping willow that was planted about 6 weeks ago. Â We planted it as the d
Garden & Outdoor	scale disease. Help! My vines have scale. I have been fighing this for 2 years, and I am losing the battle. Can you recommend t
Garden & Outdoor	aphis. hi dear expert, i want to ask if Permethrin ( C21H20Cl2O3 ) is efficent against green aphis of pomegranate tree or not? 
Garden & Outdoor	Unknown substance on my plants. On various potted shrubs in the garden there is a mass of white stuff which is sticky and see
Garden & Outdoor	BIRCH TREE DEAD?. IN OUR FRONT YARD WE HAVE A 20-25 YEAR OLD PAPER BIRCH. LAST YEAR I  NOTICED IT LOOKED A LITTLE SPARCE-SMALLE
Garden & Outdoor	Moss Lawns. I live in North East Georgia about 50 miles north of Atlanta.   I have been looking for the answer to this question
Garden & Outdoor	problem with seedlings from Mulberry tree; how to get rid of. I have a Black Mulberry tree that has thousands and thousands of 
Garden & Outdoor	Peach Tree Fungus. I have a series of white, fanlike fuzzy fungi growing in a V of my peach tree. They are near where a branch 
Garden & Outdoor	Tomato Plants. I Started my tomato plants inside and just moved them outside about a week ago and some of the leaves on each pl
Garden & Outdoor	jade plant. Is there any way to restore a shrunken jade plant or should I just take cuttings and start over? My daughter inheri
Garden & Outdoor	Ginkgo Tree. I'm distressed! Â My beautiful Ginkgo Tree looks very ill, the leaves at the top came in but the bottom half is not
Garden & Outdoor	bugs on ficus. Ficus tree at our school is doing poorly. Â I brought it home to try and nurse it on our covered deck. Â I noticed
Garden & Outdoor	Mulberry Tree disease?. This spring, the leaves on the branches of my Mulberry Tree are very sparse, and approximately one-quar
Garden & Outdoor	BOUGAINVILLEA NOT BLOOMING. I HAVE A GIANT BOUGAINVILLEA PLANT IN MY YARD... IT BLOOMED FOR SEVERAL YEARS IN A ROW THEN LAST YE
Garden & Outdoor	Finding a Good Residential Landscape Designer/Architect. Laura,  I just purchased a brand new home and have started embarking o
Garden & Outdoor	Mint. I have mint taking over my garden. Â Is there a plant that is allelopathic to various mints.
Garden & Outdoor	grass killed due to dog urine. Hi There,  I am in of some serious help. I have 3 young shih-tzus- needless to say that I also h
Garden & Outdoor	exterior decorating. if i sent you some pics of my backyard, would you be able to help me in some ideas to beautify my backyard
Garden & Outdoor	patio drainage. I have a brick patio. When it rains water stands on the patio and also grass grows up through it. Â I would like
Garden & Outdoor	Astro turf or?. Russel,  First thanks for your time.  I am leveling an area and wanting to lay down like an astro-turf (AT) sor
Garden & Outdoor	Yaupon Bush. I have a yaupon bush that has two branches and I have cut these to look like balls. Â One branch is looking great, 
Garden & Outdoor	Japenese Red Maple Tree. I have a little red bug that is eating the bark from my tree and the tree is dying. What is this and w
Garden & Outdoor	Yucca trunk is weeping a liquid. QUESTION: Please can you tell me why and what I should do with an indoor yucca which has start
Garden & Outdoor	Flowers that compliment a japanese maple. We have recently landscaped our home. Â But the area around the japanese maple looks q
Garden & Outdoor	Bermuda grass seed. QUESTION: I told my landscaper to please spread some Bermuda grass seed (which I bought) on the naked areas
Garden & Outdoor	Mimosa Tree. Our mimosa tree has bumps of raised bark. There was a worm in one place that looks like pictures of the ash borer.
Garden & Outdoor	limr application. QUESTION: I have a well established sod Â lawn, however during the dry and hot season, I live in indiana, ther
Garden & Outdoor	waterfall. Anybody seen this waterfall to know the location. See attachment Thanks doug11
Garden & Outdoor	spacing. Hi, I want to alternate maples and norway spruce to block out the view behind it. I was thinking of alternating norway
Garden & Outdoor	brown and dying grass areas. QUESTION: We live in far northern Minnesota. Â Our lawn is three years old. Â We put-in a sprinkler 
Garden & Outdoor	Bermuda. I live in a townhouse community that is two years old. Â The landscapers placed the sod on top of clay as the builder h
Garden & Outdoor	USE OF OLD RAILROAD TIES. Hi, there,  Â Â Eight years ago in ignorance I had a massive garden and landscaping  project built usin
Garden & Outdoor	Italian Cypress Trees. We have a dozen 27 year old trees and some them have several of their branches bowing down towards the g
Garden & Outdoor	floratam. QUESTION: Thanks for your time. I live in SW Florida and have a floratam yard. The problem is, is that it is to thick
Garden & Outdoor	Fruitless Mulberry disease. I have a fruitless Mulberry Tree in my front yard in Northern CA, Santa Clara. Â The tree has to be 
Garden & Outdoor	crabgrass. Crabgrass is spreading across my lawngrass. Â Is there a way to rid the lawn of it without destroying all the rest of
Garden & Outdoor	determine if trees should remain. we will be purchasing a newly constructed home from a contractor and are wondering if it is b
Garden & Outdoor	Artificial Turf-Residential. I live in Southern CA. Â I want to reduce water consumption and maintenance of my yard. I am consid
Garden & Outdoor	Main car Gate. what type of landscaper designs gates
Garden & Outdoor	Pricing for a landscaper. What would one expect to pay a landscape designer to come and do a landscape plan? Â The property is q
Garden & Outdoor	landscape around our 4 feet high porch. Hi. We just build a new house and my foundation is about 4 feet above the ground line (
Garden & Outdoor	Loose-laid paver patio. I am buiding a loose-laid paver patio in my house. I am going to start laying the base material and the
Garden & Outdoor	design with native grasses. I am designing a Garden in the south west of england, my design must keep in sync with the existi
Garden & Outdoor	Choice - Sunset Red or October Glory. Mark, I am an avid gardener and have found this site extremely helpful. I was researching
Garden & Outdoor	Overhanging tree. I live in the UK, in a house with a very mature (victorian) garden.  Recently some new houses have been built
Garden & Outdoor	brown coffee ground looking stuff on  branch. We have a tree that produces green leaves and white small flowers, then changes
Garden & Outdoor	dead spots return, even with new sod. I have just moved into a new house, and I have a 3' x 3' dead spot (brown/yellow). Â I dec
Garden & Outdoor	Sick Dracaena. Hello David, I have a very sick Dracaena. Â The leaves turn yellow and then brown, I have pulled these off. Â Whil
Garden & Outdoor	Oak Wilt. Hi Dr. David I live in a large wooded area in a neighborhood called Oakwood Hills. Needless to say I am surrounded by
Garden & Outdoor	Clivia infestation. I have (what I think is known as) a Clivia: Long dark green leaves with beautiful red (mine is) blossom. I 
Garden & Outdoor	house plant problem. QUESTION: I have a large plant I believe to be of the palm tree variety. It has fuzzy white stuff on the u
Garden & Outdoor	Ming aralia. I have a Ming aralia which is about 5 ft tall it has been fine for several years but recently foliage is dying off
Garden & Outdoor	honeysuckle with yellow leaves & brown spots. I live in the high desert in california my honeysuckles i planted this spring are
Garden & Outdoor	1/16. QUESTION: Truthfully I'm not sure whether this infestation is the fault of the dwarf banana tree and three children there
Garden & Outdoor	Anthurium Cleopatra. I purchased and potted this plant, Anthurium Cleopatra, about 2 months ago and the new leaves continue
Garden & Outdoor	peach and apple trunks. My peach and apple trees have some sort of problem with the trunks. The bark  has split and peeled away
Garden & Outdoor	lemon tree worm and wierd things. HI, My indoor lemon tree has lots of tiny yellowish worms on it, but what is weird is there a
Garden & Outdoor	white leaves. i recently bought a rosemary plant.the leaves where ok but a little pale.now it  is covered in small (pinprick) p
Garden & Outdoor	night blooming cereus. Hi John I have a cereus plant that is several years old and has been doing well until recently. The leav
Garden & Outdoor	curling gingko leaves. My 5 year old gingko leafed out fine but in the last week all the leaves curled in from the long end tow
Garden & Outdoor	resurrection fern?  on pecan trees. we have about 50 pecan trees and most all of them have this mossy looking growth on them.
Garden & Outdoor	yuck yard. i live in a beautiful subdivision for anyone that does not worry about mud the right side of my house is full of dir
Garden & Outdoor	Italian (?) Cypress Tree. Cypress Tree We believe we have Italian cypress (5) planted in a row 2 of them have dying branches th
Garden & Outdoor	cesspool. I had a new cesspool installed some months ago. The ground is now settled, and I would like to re-grow grass. I would
Garden & Outdoor	White sticky sacks on Veriated Dogwood Bush. Hi I live in Wisconsin and was trimming my veriated dogwoods bushes and notice whi
Garden & Outdoor	Moss Lawn Damage under Tree. The past two years my lawn under a large Oak tree has been getting progressively thinner and thinn
Garden & Outdoor	lawn. Dear Mr. Brown:  Â Â My yard is about 10 tears old and is comprised of mostly Kentuckwsy blue grass. Lately I've noticed la
Garden & Outdoor	New Lawn.. Hi there. So my fiance and I have been trying to grow grass in our Philadelphia side lot for our wedding. We started
Garden & Outdoor	Grass height -- recommendation. Hi, With fungus on the lawn what is your recommendation on how height we need to cut the lawn i
Garden & Outdoor	weed and feed on lawns and health hazords to animals and children.. I recently found out that my landlord used a bag of weed an
Garden & Outdoor	Terraces. We are buying a home that has an area at the rear of our lot that has a fairly sharp curved incline up to the street.
Garden & Outdoor	proper way to put out river rock. I have an area in front of my house that I want to cover in river rock. The area is about 12x
Garden & Outdoor	beach weeds. I have a house on Oneida Lake, NY. We have approx. 200ft of beach and have a terrible time getting rid of the weed
Garden & Outdoor	Parts of lawn (grass) turned brown. Why would just part of my lawn turn brown, even though I water it every day and fertilize i
Garden & Outdoor	Pineapple guava - leaves with curl and brown design. leaf curl and brown ve Â  I live in central Mexico - 6000 ft up. Â My guava 
Garden & Outdoor	Garden design. Dear Laura I've just inherited a traditional thatched cottage in Wiltshire, England. Â There's a formal herbaciou
Garden & Outdoor	sago plant. I was wondering if you could tell me why my sago plant that was beautifully green & healthy all of a sudden has yel
Garden & Outdoor	palmetto lawn problem. I live in florida and have a new, 8 months old, palmetto lawn about 2000 sq feet, it seems to be turning
Garden & Outdoor	no-mow grass. what effect would no mow grass have on my well and water. Â I read that it contains steroids.
Garden & Outdoor	ROSE OF SHARON BUSH. I transplanted this bush from my mother's house a year and 1/2 ago. Â Â Seemed like it died shirtly thereaft
Garden & Outdoor	Weak Grass. Hello, I have to tried to plant some new grass in my back yard from seed. Â The yard on one side is very patchy. Â Th
Garden & Outdoor	which grows fastest?. I live in Seattle. I'm not sure what zone that is. It's my understanding that Ryegrass, Fescue and Bluegr
Garden & Outdoor	Brown spot in lawn -- same spot every year. I have a 1 square foot patch of grass that every year dries up and turns brown, des
Garden & Outdoor	sod and seeding. Hello, Can Â I plant grass seed over dead sod or do I NEED to remove the sod first?
Garden & Outdoor	Dying Sod, Lots of Sun. QUESTION: Greetings!  I just purchased a renovated house right outside Washington DC. Â  Unfortunately t
Garden & Outdoor	red apple ground cover. some of my resent plantings of red apple are doing real well very green and  moist but other plantings 
Garden & Outdoor	Majesty Palm disease. Hi Jennifer, I have a majesty palm house plant and the leaves turn brown and die shortly after growth. I 
Garden & Outdoor	orange tree trunk bark loss-leaf loss. The tree is at least 15 years old. Has always had good, abundant fruit. Was lightly prun
Garden & Outdoor	Appropriate watering times for southern California. Hi!  Hope you are doing well! I have a question regarding the appropriate t
Garden & Outdoor	Good outdoor, low lighting,low maintenance plants. I live in a ground floor apartment. I have a roughly 4x12ft space that curre
Garden & Outdoor	Cacti. We have had a patio built under our deck. I have not monitored exactly how much sunlight it gets under there but my gues
Garden & Outdoor	leaky waterhose connections. Â Â Why is it that almost ALL waterhose connections leak? They leak at the faucet, they leak where t
Garden & Outdoor	walkway materials. We live in N. Virginia and want to have a 4' walkway installed to our front door that is stable for seniors 
Garden & Outdoor	Plants for screens. Hello. Have a pool going in, need some ideas for good screen bushes to block neighborhood views. Any sugges
Garden & Outdoor	pink japanese magnolia. i received a 3ft. tree? from a friend. im a little confused because the note w/it says 20/25ft. yet oth
Garden & Outdoor	Crepe Mrytle. Couldn't find an expert in this field, but hope you will be able to help. I have a Crepe Mrytle that I want to sh
Garden & Outdoor	yellow patches on greens. hi there, we build a new green and seeded it about 3 months ago with creeping fescue. i keep on getti
Garden & Outdoor	dead lawn grass. Over the winter, my three large dogs use my front lawn to relieve themselves. Â I keep the lawn picked up, but 
Garden & Outdoor	money tree, yellowing leaves. We have a money tree that has grown to 9-10 feet tall......(it is in our two story foyer right no
Garden & Outdoor	centipede/bermuda mix lawn. I have recently purchased a house where the dominant grass is centipede. Â In the back yard I have m
Garden & Outdoor	New lawn problem. I have hired professional landscapers and asked them to turn my yard that was all just weeds into a normal gr
Garden & Outdoor	Compost tea. Would you please tell me the benefits of the compost tea I am reading about and what you think of it?  And if yo
Garden & Outdoor	lawn care & treatment. Hey Ken: I wanted to ask you some advice on my Lawn the we have. we live in Los Banos Ca and what I'm ge
Garden & Outdoor	Your opinion about table sugar. Hi there! I have been noticing a lot of hoopla about people pouring sugar on their grass. Does 
Garden & Outdoor	kentucky bluegrass. is it necessary to put insecticide on lawn?my neighbor has a lawn service,and they sprayed an application o
Garden & Outdoor	Top Dressings. I had a top dressing put down on Bermuda to level a hard to mow yard. It was really thick and green but you coul
Garden & Outdoor	Whiteflies on redbud. I have a newly planted (18 months) redbud in Zone 5B (Chicago, IL) that seems to have a heavy whitefly in
Garden & Outdoor	WEEDS BETWEEN PAVERS. HAD OUR PATIO INSTALLED ABOUT 2 YEARS AGO AND DID NOT PAY ATTENTION WHEN WE WERE TOLD TO APPLY JOINT LOCK
Garden & Outdoor	replacing grass. i want to replace my grass turf with rocks, can i place turf fabric/ weed barrier directly over the grass then
Garden & Outdoor	Landscaping ideas for a small sloping back yard. Hi, Our back yard is roughly 17 feet from the house exterior to the fence. The
Garden & Outdoor	backyard beach. Hi -  I live in the northeast (a suburb of Boston, MA) and our lawn is just atrocious with dog bald spots, heat
Garden & Outdoor	Laying bark for filler in yard for landscape. I wanted to lay red bark (douglas fir) in my yard but I have heard horror stories
Garden & Outdoor	Lemon tree. hi have lemon tree plenty of lemons lately lemons are growing more rounder in shape & some are deformed ( 3 or 4 le
Garden & Outdoor	Hickory tree disease. I have been loosing 10-15 mature hickory trees per year and want to try and stop it. Â It does not seem to
Garden & Outdoor	Wanting to fix my lawn up!. So it is is down in the mid to high 70's where I reside in Virginia Beach and I am wanting to know 
Garden & Outdoor	sound barrier. we have a narrow backyard (20ft) and a neighbor who plays their boom box loudly while swimming laps. Â we have a 
Garden & Outdoor	Indoor Mini Rose Bush Disease. I received a mini rose bush (pink marina??) for my birthday and it has been living indoors for t
Garden & Outdoor	banana magnolia. I have 2 banana magnolias. Â They both, one more severe than the other, has something green growing on the limb
Garden & Outdoor	emarald green arbovitae. I planted my emerald green arbovitae last fall and this summer i notice that the inner part of the tre
Garden & Outdoor	dead zoysia. I had a new zoysia sod lawn installed last June. In September a lawn care company erroneously treated my lawn with
Garden & Outdoor	Dethatching of warm weather grass. When is the best time to dethatch my warm weather grass lawn (St Augusting/centipede).   Als
Garden & Outdoor	Ants. Hi Jim I live in northern Illinois and have had some problems with ant farms in my lawn. Â We have a pretty lush lawn, but
Garden & Outdoor	retaining wall with different depths. I am about to start building a retaining wall around a flower bed right off of the back o
Garden & Outdoor	lawn moths and also chinch bugs on lawn. QUESTION: how to get rid of lawn moss , and also how to get rid of chinch bugs on lawn
Garden & Outdoor	coco-plum. Hi, I was trimming my coco-plums today and noticed that the leaves have a faded to white look to them on top and lit
Garden & Outdoor	Thistles. I have a crop of thistles in my landscaping, Â I have tried to pull and then pour salt on them, but now they are back 
Garden & Outdoor	sunflower disease?. hi, i was wondering if you could tell me what's wrong with my sunflowers....they are planted in the garden 
Garden & Outdoor	landscaping fill. I am currently trying to replace some plants in an area that when it rains water runs through the landscaped 
Garden & Outdoor	keeping mosquitoes out of our yard.. Is there any grasses you can plant in northeast Ohio, that repel mosquitoes? Â Is there suc
Garden & Outdoor	desert theme. I did my desert landscape 2 years ago and have recently began a renovation. Â Some of my original plant choices di
Garden & Outdoor	Retaining wall repair. Is it possible to repair a 2x12 wooden retaining wall without taking it out and starting afresh? Â Tree t
Garden & Outdoor	hybrid willow hit by weed and feed. I have a hybrid willow in it's first year grown from a root. Â It has grown 5 feet tall. Â It
Garden & Outdoor	Apple Tree disease. QUESTION: Hello, I need your expertise. Â We live in San Francisco, California. Â My mother yard has a apple 
Garden & Outdoor	growth on tree. galls I noticed this tree while hiking through a woods of hickory, maple, oak and beech. Â The tree had a large 
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn Care. Hi Charlotte!  I've been reading a few postings now, and I am curious as to how to use sugar to create a healthy law
Garden & Outdoor	Retaining wall. I Â am wanting to create a small flower garden/patio area behind our house. our house is sitting in a low spot. 
Garden & Outdoor	snowball plant. i have had my snowball plant for a year now, and it never produces any blooms, but the shrub itself is growing 
Garden & Outdoor	Hibiscus Care. light Hi Ms Melissa,   Â My family member just bought a pot of Hibiscus with single-petalled purple blooms. I rea
Garden & Outdoor	water fall. I am building a water fall out of flag stone to my pond and want to know if there is an additive to put in the mort
Garden & Outdoor	weed killer. Hello do you know of anyway to make a homemade inexpensive weed killer that I can make and spray on certain areas 
Garden & Outdoor	oak tree runners?. This may be out of your geographical area of expertise since I am in central Texas, but here goes. Â We have 
Garden & Outdoor	Transplanting fir trees. I have a small (about 24 tall) fir tree that is potted and living in my house. Â It was a gift to me l
Garden & Outdoor	the vetch is taking over my front yard. Hi there,   I just moved into a new house and the landscaping sucks. I'm planning on ri
Garden & Outdoor	Organic fertalizers. Hey Charlotte,  I've read your post and am quite intrigued. Â Can you elaborat a little more on organic fer
Garden & Outdoor	mimosa disease. my mimosa trees are dying. The foliage in various areas have small Â webs and tiny black bugs or eggs inside.the
Garden & Outdoor	Fruit tree fungus. I have several varieties of apple trees. Although they have been planted at least two years I saw one of the
Garden & Outdoor	infestation or disease on lemon tree. We have a potted lemon tree we purchased 2 years ago and have had a long learning curve w
Garden & Outdoor	waxleaf ligustrum. my plants are 1 year old and are withering and dying. I thought they were drought resistant. I live in River
Garden & Outdoor	Sick Japenses Red Maple tree (JRM). Sick lJapenese Red Map I live in Maine where temps have been known to go to -35 some years 
Garden & Outdoor	my beautiful crepe myrtle is sick. QUESTION: I have just moved into a new home in maryland,I planted a crepe myrtle my neighbor
Garden & Outdoor	Crepe Myrtle Diseases. I live in Vacaville, California between San Francisco and Sacramento and have a Crepe Myrtle of unknown 
Garden & Outdoor	Tulip Tree shedding limb bark. I have several tulip trees (North Central Indiana) and every summer several large and small limb
Garden & Outdoor	Plum Tree Mould. Hi, our plum tree is covered in fruit but some of the plums have a creamy circular type mould growing on them,
Garden & Outdoor	Dry shade. Hi Russel,  I live in Connecticut in zone 6B and I am interested in finding plants that do well in dry shady areas. 
Garden & Outdoor	Plant ID. Hi,  A very hearty plant appeared one day, next to the gate of my backyard fence. It's dark green, about 18 inches hi
Garden & Outdoor	Rust-colored spores on the grass. Is the orange rust on grass harmful to adults and children playing on the grass? Â We like to 
Garden & Outdoor	trees  to plant next to a paver driveway. We live in St. Petersburg, FL and have just installed a paver driveway. Â We had to re
Garden & Outdoor	yellowing grass  st.augestine. a week ago I applied liquid iron to my lawn. the grass was dry but rain came within 12 hours.no 
Garden & Outdoor	Hardscape. I recently fenced in my small backyard and there is almost no grass left due to my 2 big dogs. Â I can't afford artif
Garden & Outdoor	Defoliated trees. 55 of my mautre peppercorn (Schinus areira = Schinus molle var. areira) trees were defoliated by a spray of 6
Garden & Outdoor	Dollarweeds driving me nuts. Im using a very good lawn service,my grass is getting,thick and rich looking but one problem.I hav
Garden & Outdoor	hollie tree transplanting. Is it too late to transplant trees now?
Garden & Outdoor	Grass Types - Addendum. I've had some difficulty identifying the various grass types in my yard. Possibly you might be able to 
Garden & Outdoor	Brown spots in my lawn. I live outside Chicago, IL in a southwest suburb. Â I have been noticing brown spots throughout my lawn 
Garden & Outdoor	dying lawn. collarenebrri.nsw,2833. The winter is cold (can get below0, with plenty of frost,and summer is very hot well into t
Garden & Outdoor	St. Augustine Grass Problem. Hi there. Â I have had really good fortune in keeping my St. Augustine grass very green and plush i
Garden & Outdoor	weed control. I have a lot of viney wild strawberry plants growing in my grass. Â They are a real nuisance and continue to sprea
Garden & Outdoor	nutgrass. How do you get rid of nutgrass without harming you lawn?
Garden & Outdoor	golden jade. i bought a jade about two and a half months ago, that had a red bordered leaf, and i potted and placed it on my hu
Garden & Outdoor	yard grade. QUESTION: I have a very large yard & have drainage problems. I am adding dirt around the house , but my question is
Garden & Outdoor	Hickory tree cankers.galls. My neighbor has a fence row which has young hickory trees growing in it. Several of the trees have 
Garden & Outdoor	Strange growth on oak tree. QUESTION: I live in Chattanooga, TN and had some storm damage to an oak tree. Â When  cleaning up th
Garden & Outdoor	grass seeding in a meadow area. I live in New Hampshire, and we are working on a large meadow area where we took down trees som
Garden & Outdoor	concrete slab. I recently purchased a home with a concrete backyard. Â I have two small children and would like them to have a g
Garden & Outdoor	NATURAL PRIVACY FENCE. QUESTION: I HAVE A L SHAPE AREA I WANT TO BLOCK. ON ONE SIDE I HAVE 3 OAKLEAF HYDRANGA THEN A CORAL BARK
Garden & Outdoor	Designing. I live in Southern Â Maine and live on a Mountain top home. What are the best shrubs and flowers for this area?
Garden & Outdoor	Lilac Tree. Hi David,  I have three very mature (35 years+) Lilac trees. Â While they are in generally good health (healthy leav
Garden & Outdoor	Sago Palm, brown bumps on underside of fronds. I have a small sago palm that I bring in for the winter and set out on my deck i
Garden & Outdoor	grass wont  grow. My question is I tried seeding, fertilizer,(turf builder) pesticide control, weed and feed. I tried them all
Garden & Outdoor	Grass. Hey thanks for the help! This is just a general question I guess. There is a strip of dry dirt on the side of my house, 
Garden & Outdoor	dieing lawn areas. QUESTION: I have an area of lawn that seems to have every symptom of every ailment known. It seems to have b
Garden & Outdoor	Racoons. Hello, I installed sod about 14 weeks ago. I watered allot....maybe over watered..and have since adjusted my schedule 
Garden & Outdoor	GROWING GRASS DURING WINTER MTHS. I HAVE A BIG DOG WHO IS KILLING MY GRASS IN BACKYARD; ITS WINTER TIME NOW I LIVE IN NORTHERN 
Garden & Outdoor	new lawn?. Hello. A half acre on my property had stumps removed a month ago. It was also shaped and smothed out after the stu
Garden & Outdoor	dollar weed and chinch bugs. Dollar weeds are taking over my new floratan yard layed a year ago also chinch bugs and killing ou
Garden & Outdoor	cutting dormant grass. We live in New Jersey. Our lawn maintenance service did the last mow of the season over a month ago. Sin
Garden & Outdoor	Laying Sod in Cold Temperatures. What are the guidelines/requirements for laying sod in cold weather for a new home constructio
Garden & Outdoor	Small Lawn Water - No water, Shadow  ligth?. One side of the lawn Hi, I installed San Agustine Palmeto in my back yard, and it 
Garden & Outdoor	Substance on Waxleaf Ligustrum. What could be a web-like substance on the branches of our Waxleaf Ligustrum. Â It is almost like
Garden & Outdoor	Bermuda Sod. I had sod laid on my yard last september and I watered it so it would root good. It is now May and my sod looks ho
Garden & Outdoor	question about using sugar on your lawn. Hi Charlotte,  I was just reading a message that you had responded to about killing do
Garden & Outdoor	LEMON TREE DISEASES. Have a lemon tree in my garden last year it was O.K.'d with a lot of flowers and lemons. Â This year almost
Garden & Outdoor	holly bush problems. I have a problem with a couple of my holly shrubs. Â The branches are light green/yellowing and have few le
Garden & Outdoor	What type of grass in the shade in zone 6.. Dear Charlotte B, I read the answer about the sugar to help in ridding the yard of 
Garden & Outdoor	Japanese Red Maple Leaves. We recently purchased a Japanese Red Maple that was doing great until I noticed today the tips of al
Garden & Outdoor	dying shrubs. I have landscaping around my home which is well established. Last year, 2 Arborvitaes on the side of my house see
Garden & Outdoor	hydranger  (spelling?). I recently bought a blue hydranger. Â I've been getting conflicting answers. Please help.   Do I fertili
Garden & Outdoor	Odor from hydroseeding after first rain. I had a slope behind my house hydroseeded in August. Following the first rain a musty 
Garden & Outdoor	botrytis on tulips. Hello, I have an area (about 10x5 feet) of tulips. Zone 6, wet springs. All three years that i plant them t
Garden & Outdoor	plum tree in trouble. I have a three year old plum tree, fruit bearing. I use tangle foot to keep the  ants off the tree, but t
Garden & Outdoor	arbovitaes. I had 30 emerald green arbovitaes planted the end of May. I am watering them 2 times a day. After the 2nd week they
Garden & Outdoor	Chill time. Hi, I purchased a Surecrop Nectarine. Chill time is 600-900 hours. At my location in Coastal Mississippi this winte
Garden & Outdoor	Holly bush problem. I have two holly bushes on the north side of my house. The leaves are all turning brown. I live in NJ. The 
Garden & Outdoor	LAWN GOING TO SEED. My lawn is going to seed when it is only 2-3 inches tall. It is green but does not grow fast or evenly. I h
Garden & Outdoor	staining stone. i have made a sign by embedding small local stones (3/4-1) in concrete to read Lake Marion (a memorial by a 
Garden & Outdoor	Grass seed in shady Colorado Springs. I just read your answer to Lisa in Colorado Springs. Â My lawn is just like you described 
Garden & Outdoor	sugar. do you just broadcast it
Garden & Outdoor	A certain area where my lawn.... A certain area where my lawn is suppose to grow, not much  grows there, including weeds. when 
Garden & Outdoor	Soil. Hi Jim, if I wanted to improve my soil, what could I buy to do that . I saw at home depot they had topsoil. But i thinkin
Garden & Outdoor	St.Augustine. I want to put St. Aug grass in my yard. I have a fescue and weed yard now. The irrigation system is going to be p
Garden & Outdoor	shady lawn. i live in northern california. i have a totally shaded yard, no sun all day i was wondering what type if any grass 
Garden & Outdoor	MOSS. At my cottage, I have an automatic water sprinkler system that pumps water from the lake. Â There is alot of algae in the 
Garden & Outdoor	Water Drainage problem in my yard. Hi there, I live in a townhouse complex with no access to the back yard except through the h
Garden & Outdoor	Green onions formed orange bumps. QUESTION: Hi, Dr. Vann,  I live in Hawaii and grow 2 bunches of green onions in a container. 
Garden & Outdoor	Privacy tree/bush. QUESTION: I am in search of a privacy tree/bush which will grow no more than 10 feet high and 6 to 7 feet wi
Garden & Outdoor	poor growth of maple trees. we used to have 3 crimson maples on the south side of our house about ten  feet or so from our driv
Garden & Outdoor	roesmary die off. A well established (15 yrs) rosemary plant is dying off rapidly & I've discovered the branches, especially lo
Garden & Outdoor	Injured maple tree. I have two 15 ft tall maple trees that were run over by a truck that crashed in my front yard. Â The trees a
Garden & Outdoor	slime flux disease in oak tree. I have an oak tree which I am pretty sure has slime flux disease. I have heard that there is no
Garden & Outdoor	quaking aspens. QUESTION: I live in Eastern Utah. Â I have 3 aspens that are growing closely together and one of them has some k
Garden & Outdoor	gardinia bush. What is causing the leaves on my gardinia bush to turn yellow?
Garden & Outdoor	crepe myrtle insects on trunks. I have 20 crepe myrtles on my property, and have noticed a groups of black winged ( as the inse
Garden & Outdoor	Blue Girl Holly. Any idea what would make my previously healthy (planted this summer, 24 inches high) suddenly drop leaves in a
Garden & Outdoor	spur stickers plants. we live in texas and have spur sticker plants,this new ground and new home i would like to get these stic
Garden & Outdoor	Fall Lawn Care. QUESTION: Fall is the time to sow grass seed in sparse spots, apply weed-killer (three-way, against Â broad-leaf
Garden & Outdoor	Hiding a slight, but awkward slope. Hi Laura!  We just bought a new home in a hilly neighborhood of Fort Worth Texas. The yard 
Garden & Outdoor	Clearing brush...maintaining property. Hi Laura:   I am a 41 year old former Marine and am working on a small property in Hammo
Garden & Outdoor	Locus tree. I live in Ontario Canada and have a Locus tree that is about 30 yrs. old. Some of it's branches are now dead and it
Garden & Outdoor	Help for a complete novice.. Hi there. I am trying your good self in the hope that if you are unable to help, you may guide me 
Garden & Outdoor	locus root system. janesville, wi. 53548  just viewed a program on a cable show regarding an evasive root system destroying the
Garden & Outdoor	deck/patio design. Laura: Â we have an existing brick patio that was layed 10 years ago when we put on an addition. Â It was done
Garden & Outdoor	ouside patio (thick slate slabs). I am working with my cousin on a patio for his boss/owner of the company that he works for, w
Garden & Outdoor	Bradford tree. Leaf picture I have a fairly young Bradford pear tree. Â I have noticed that all of the leaves  have turned black
Garden & Outdoor	Black powder fungus on Mexican Lime tree. How do i get rid of this horrible black powder? Tree is growing well , putting out ne
Garden & Outdoor	How to kill bracket fungi. QUESTION: I found what look like bracket fungi on one of my trees in my front yard. From what I read
Garden & Outdoor	banana & grapefruit plants. Hello Kathy, I need to know about the different variations of banana plants. We have quite alot of 
Garden & Outdoor	annual design. Sir, I have been relocated from Kansas to floridadoing landscaping and maintenance for large military base accou
Garden & Outdoor	Apricot Tree Borers. Hello, My apricot tree is nearly dead and I've seen several borers  on it. Though I can't save the tree at
Garden & Outdoor	Gardenia Topiaries. I have a Gardenia Topiaries that has become infested with ants, regular house  ants. Â They seem to have lai
Garden & Outdoor	Key lime tree. I live in the Los Angeles area. Â I have a dwarf Key Lime tree in a pot. Â It is a very very large pot about 20 ga
Garden & Outdoor	redwood turning yellow. the 60 yr old redwood in my yard has about 1*/8th of the needles turned yellow,  which I have never see
Garden & Outdoor	Marshmellow looking. QUESTION: I have a two year old Pittosporum Tenuifoluim, about 8-9 Â feet tall growing in  full sun in Sout
Garden & Outdoor	Minitature orange tree. QUESTION: Last fall I was given a miniature (or perhaps it is an ornamental) orange tree. Â I kept it in
Garden & Outdoor	yellowing of peach leaves. My two year old peach tree has all leaves turned yellow and has stooped growing tall. Please do let 
Garden & Outdoor	Mulberry Tree problem. We have a mulberry tree that apparently has a bore in it. The leaves on some parts of the tree are gone.
Garden & Outdoor	Dying Oak Trees. We have an oak tree that seems to be dying. Â It's acorns have not developed and the leaves appear to be turnin
Garden & Outdoor	Chanticleer pear. QUESTION: My C pears have black leaves and now are yellowing very badly on the ends  particularly near the to
Garden & Outdoor	Holly bush dying. Sick Holly Plant_Page_ Hello, we have 2 holly bushes in our backyard, one of which (the male) appears to be d
Garden & Outdoor	Dracena Marginata. I have, what was, a handsome plant. It now looks sickly and I have discovered  some white fungas like growth
Garden & Outdoor	St. Agustine grass. what can we do to get rid of weeds and keep our St. Augutine in good shape. also, grass thinning in shaded 
Garden & Outdoor	recommendations for a screen in memphis. iv got a bunch of huge magnolias in my front yard. Â im considering making a screen usi
Garden & Outdoor	white spots on zucchini leaves. I noticed tonight that there are a lot of white spots on the zucchini leaves. Â I don't see any 
Garden & Outdoor	Rain catch. Russel,   First, thanks for volunteering your time here. Â We recently had a deck and patio installed. Â The deck was
Garden & Outdoor	Japanese Maple Disease Truck. Several of my JPs died over the winter and I noticed that the bark is coming off of their trunks.
Garden & Outdoor	Termites. I am concerned about the possibility of a termite population in our wood frame house with a cement foundation. It was
Garden & Outdoor	Rhaphis palm  drooping. Have purchased 4- 14 large rhaphis palm they are in tall planters with bright light not direct sun. Wa
Garden & Outdoor	Green spots in grass. Is there any way to blend in the colours of our grass or will it do it automatically?
Garden & Outdoor	Hillside and planter drainage. I have a question relating to drainage from my backyard hillside and planters. I have a retainin
Garden & Outdoor	mower blade. How level front to back should a mower blade be kept ?? A new factory mower set is 3/4 higher in the front. (meas
Garden & Outdoor	Non evergreen hedge. Hello,  I live on a corner property and need a hedge to block the view of the cars. Â I don't want the hedg
Garden & Outdoor	fungus on sago palm?. i have a sago palm that has about 4 completed dead fronds. if you look very closely there is a light whit
Garden & Outdoor	Installing a drip irrigation system. pvc pipe Hello! I have a fairly simple question. I know relatively nothing about landscapi
Garden & Outdoor	need to block my view. We just built a new home in south central PA (zone 6) on 4 acres. Â  I have two questions: 1.I need a hed
Garden & Outdoor	kilpatrick willow disease. my 2 year old kilpatrick willow has an orangy powder on some leaves,they crinkle up and die.This is 
Garden & Outdoor	SNOW BALL BUSH. THE LEAVES ARE REAL CRINKLED, AND ALMOST LOOK SICK, ANY IDEAS? THE TREE IS IN THE SUN BUT THERE IS A TREE IN FR
Garden & Outdoor	i am beginner that needs help. i a beginner and when other say these thing i dont know what thay mean so could you help me out 
Garden & Outdoor	Green Layer on my Maple Trees. I have two Maples in my front yard. One is a Red and the other Green. They recently were trimmed
Garden & Outdoor	Care of Red Ti Plants and Jamaica Plants. Hi Kathy,  I recently acquired two healthy plants: I was told that Â one is a Red Ti
Garden & Outdoor	Landscape plans. Hi,   I recently moved into my first house and I am very eager to start landscaping, but I have tons of questi
Garden & Outdoor	Globe Willow oozing and turning black. We have a globe Willow that is about 3 years old that is oozing clear or white foam and 
Garden & Outdoor	Old Fashion Rose Bush. have a 25+ year old rose bush. Â a few years back all plants in that area were accidently killed by elect
Garden & Outdoor	mulberry. Hi Jim I have 2 mulberry trees that have no leaves on the ends Â of the branches. I had a tree service come out and lo
Garden & Outdoor	Privacy Fence. Hello,  My husband and his brother would like to attempt to put up a privacy fence (the wooden dog ears fence th
Garden & Outdoor	Lawn problems. I was wondering if you had any ideas on how to cure a lawn that has been totally destroyed by two quite large pl
Garden & Outdoor	need help with my yard. I live in southwest Virginia. My yard is in 2 levels. Where the 2 come together is a rather steep bank 
Garden & Outdoor	Clearing beds of unwanted growth - grass and weeds. Hi Ms Walker,  I would like to remove weeds and grass from a number of rath
Garden & Outdoor	Calculating Soil for raised beds. We have constructed three raised beds.  They measure 6' x 4'x l'. How much soil in yards do w
Garden & Outdoor	Wisteria replacement. I have a Wisteria vine growing on a Patio arbor for shade in the summer, problem is Wisteria is too aggre
Garden & Outdoor	New Backyard Flower Bed. Sean, I live in Houston, Texas. I Recently purchased a new home with new sod. Â Our fence along the bac
Garden & Outdoor	mulching a yard. Sean, Thank you for your time. Â Half of my backyard has no grass due to a shade tree. Â I am thinking about mul
Garden & Outdoor	Buried Trash / Centipeded. Hello,Sir, and thank you for volunteering for this service.  I live in Georgia. Â I have been in my h
Garden & Outdoor	holly bush problem. Chad,  Â   Â Â Â Â I have three female holly bushes in front of my window and a male on the side of the house on
Garden & Outdoor	Sick Umbrella Plant. hello.. a few weeks ago I bought an umbrella plant for my Home,, every since I have had it home.. the leav
Garden & Outdoor	drainage easement and privacy fence. We just purchased our first home this year and did so with intentions of building a privac
Garden & Outdoor	My yard is starting to get.... My yard is starting to get little patches that look as if they were dug up. The grass is pulled 
Garden & Outdoor	Mulching?. Quick question you may be able to help me with.. Â I fitted a mulching kit to my ride-on mower thinking that it would
Garden & Outdoor	yard/lawn. I have been finding piles of dirt on the edges of my yard/lawn and I can't figure out what is causing it....it's not
Garden & Outdoor	browning of fig tree leaves. how can i stop this problem
Garden & Outdoor	Installing stone walkway. Hi all,  I realize this is not DIY, but I was hoping to get some advice from you (I've had some good 
Garden & Outdoor	Patio under trees. We have a grove of silver maples in our backyard (in Indiana) under which we lay  mulch every year. Â We'd li
Garden & Outdoor	grass not reseeding. QUESTION: My lawn last summer had brown spots,and when i cut it the wheel marks turned brown.i have pictur
Garden & Outdoor	water flow in back yard (drainage) FOLLOWUP. my back yard slants toward the house. Â no leakage in the basement, but the water f
Garden & Outdoor	lawn. I have one acre of weeds and dead dirt filled in with hundreds of ant hills. I can not mow the weeds until just after a r
Garden & Outdoor	Book needed on forest tree diseases. Hi Jim  Can you recommend a pictorial book or guide for identifying diseases of forest tre
Garden & Outdoor	Rid Meyer Lemon Tree of Fungus Gnats?. I have a Meyer Lemon Tree (2' + tall) that I purchased a few weeks ago from my local Low
Garden & Outdoor	Possible White Oak Tree Disease. It's a mature tree that leafed out this spring with several dead limbs. Â The trunk exhibits bl
Garden & Outdoor	sick peace lily. I received a peace lily for Mother's Day, It was beautiful..kinda small, It came from Wal-mart. Now a few mont
Garden & Outdoor	plant spacing for hedge. Hi Sean I just purchase 100 3 gallon areca palm trees to build a hedge. The plants are about 3 ft tall
Garden & Outdoor	Replacing a fence. Hi, Our neighbor has let his once beautiful hedge grow gangly and ugly. We've asked him to trim it but he ne
Garden & Outdoor	blackspot on roses. What is the cause of black spot, I have a climbing rose that suffers badley from blackspot every year, even
Garden & Outdoor	white flowering dogwood. I live in eastern North Carolina. I have two white dogwood trees that bloomed beautifully this spring.
Garden & Outdoor	Italian cypress tree. We have 3 italian cypress trees and part of each look like it is dying. Â The dying part is in the middle 
Garden & Outdoor	Italian Cypress. We'd like to dig up our italian cypress. Â Are the roots deep or shallow. Â   Because we're seniors we need to d
Garden & Outdoor	ants on trees. Dear Jim Hyland.  Do you have any idea why ants go up and down  orange trees at this time of the year.I live in 
Garden & Outdoor	Camillia. I live in the county of Kent, and have a large Camillia at the bottom of my garden (approx 5 ft high and 4 ft wide). 
Garden & Outdoor	bush problem. we are in middle Georgia, inherited a large hedge around house.  Not sure what it is but probably box but with la
Garden & Outdoor	Italian cypress & Euonymus question. I live in Dallas. I have an Italian cypress that had spider mites. They are gone but the b
Garden & Outdoor	what can diseases that can kill my plant. hi, I am Amy Aupperle. I am 12 years old. and I LOVE SCIENCE!!!! i wanted some imform
Garden & Outdoor	Bradford Pear Trees. I live in Bossier City, Louisiana,adjacent to Shreveport. My 7 year old Bradford Pear tree's leaves are tu
Garden & Outdoor	Are plants alive?. Hi, I don't know if your the person to ask... but here goes, I made the mistake of buying grape vines, a fig
Garden & Outdoor	Pecan trees. I have a very large pecan tree in my front yard. Â I have lived here for one year and last year was a bad year for 
Garden & Outdoor	Snowball plant. I have a snowball plant in a planter. I want to plant it in my garden. I live in New York. When is the best tim
Garden & Outdoor	Rabbits. We live out on 5 acs. Â And boy I just can not believe the little cute rabbits are so destructive. Â 1500 sq feet of law
Garden & Outdoor	transplanted bald cyprus. Last February (o8)I transplanted a bald cyprus tree from the backyard to the front. In early April I 
Garden & Outdoor	Palm tree sick. Palm pic 1 Â  PAlm pic 2 Â  QUESTION: Hi, My Palm tree has a black spot as shown in the pictures, the leaves seam
Garden & Outdoor	pothos diesase. my plant that I have had for over a year has little white spots on the leaves and stem. Â I have been whipping t
Garden & Outdoor	apple. Hi.I witnessed rats beneath apple trees as rats have constructed deep holes which allows the soil to set down.I know it 
Garden & Outdoor	purple hong kong orchid tree. many of the leaves look chewed up on the edges and some have large dark spots. I noticed a white 
Garden & Outdoor	growth of fingus on oak tree. round ball about 8 to 10 inches has grown on the north side of my 300 yr old oak tree it appears 
Garden & Outdoor	sago palm. i have had this outdoor sago palm for about 10 yrs. it in in a very very large pot and it has Â been healthy, the las
Garden & Outdoor	Photosynthesis process and its applications.. QUESTION: Dear Kathy  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Photosynthesis  http://biology
Garden & Outdoor	Chinese Pistache Tree with Dying Leaves. Dr. Vann,  At the end of this text are a links to a few photos of the foliage from my 
Garden & Outdoor	Butterfly Bush Problem. QUESTION: Hello, Dr. Vann. Â Thanks again for answering my question. Â I have two Black Knight Butterfly 
Garden & Outdoor	Japaneese Maple. Patches Â Leaves Â  My Japanese Maple tree is dying. The tree has some kind of bark disease with black patches a
Garden & Outdoor	robellini palm. I have an irregular roundish Â shape white and some green spots all over the trunk of the palm. Freeze damage ki
Garden & Outdoor	Magnolia tree desease. QUESTION: Hi there Jim. I have a young magnolia, the very large flower variety. I had to transplant it l
Garden & Outdoor	WAXLEAF PRIVET. I too have 5 or 6 wilting and dying privets. They are in partial shade and are probably more than 20 years old.
Garden & Outdoor	unknown disease. branch Â  leaves Â  QUESTION: I have some florida native toothache trees, I assume Zanthoxylum clava-herculis. V
Garden & Outdoor	full sun shrubs in Vermont. The front of my house is southern exposure in Vermont and I am looking for shrub/evergreen for each
Garden & Outdoor	tree ideas. I need a suggestion for a tree to plant in front of house facing west that is not too big. Â It is replacing a peach
Garden & Outdoor	How to decorate a mound in yard. There is a mound that is about 9 ft. long in the middle of my yard. Â It gradually rises about 
Garden & Outdoor	Azalea bush. What would look nice planted next to my Azalea bush? I have about 3-4' by 2' to plant? I would prefer to plant a p
Garden & Outdoor	care for sapling and seedling cedar trees. How can I grow cedar trees in my house? What kind of care do I need to give them? I 
Garden & Outdoor	landscaping. Rest assured this is not a homework question. If you think the question is so Fundamental, I do not know about the
Garden & Outdoor	Re-graded for drainage - now what to landscape over it?. QUESTION: I recently improved the grade against the back of my house t
Heating & AC	Is the air from central air condition cool enough?. The Return temperature = 80 Out of the air condition = 73 Is my central air
Heating & AC	recognised U.k degree which gives credits to work experience. I have 30 years experience in building services engineering such 
Heating & AC	How do i test for bad contacts on condenser. Hi hvac guys; this is my problem.   I have a new t-stat installed there is 240v  p
Heating & AC	6 inch diameter ice ball formed on Freon pipe. Normal wear and tear...?. OK, first the disclaimer... * I am 100% girl, I know n
Heating & AC	furnace model eb15c. When I turn the furnace on, the blower runs for about 5 minutes, then slows down and shuts off.  If I wait
Heating & AC	Air condition. How do you turn off the fan mode
Heating & AC	by2005 talking thermostat problems. Report and info buttons don't respond. Unit still works for ac, but you can't adjust it at 
Heating & AC	Blower Motor bad or what?. Howdy, My FURNACE/AC blower motor has quit workng.  Checked unit...the squirrel cage fan spins smoot
Heating & AC	Bryant model 310aav/jav. I have an 8 years old Bryant model 310AAV/JAV and is not heating.  I hear it running but the burners a
Heating & AC	York gas furnace - how do I find terminal C?. Hello,  I have a York gas furnace model P3URB12N07501B I purchased a Honeywell th
Heating & AC	Central heat will not shut off even when turned off at the thermostat!. I have central heat and air. When the thermostat reache
Heating & AC	What is difference in 16 seer to 18 seer. We are getting prices on a 16 seer & an 18 seer unit.  What is the difference in runn
Heating & AC	Is ethylene glycol a type of Polyalkylene Glycol ?. Is ethylene glycol a type of Polyalkylene Glycol ?
Heating & AC	old coleman mobile home thermostat. I have a mobile home that has an old Coleman electric heat and air that has the heat and co
Heating & AC	dual zone A/C not working properly. Hello  We moved into our new home (house was built in 2000) last spring and we had our AC s
Heating & AC	Amana ac compressor won't start. I have an amana compressor and yesterday it stopped working. When I turn on the ac the cooling
Heating & AC	where is locate Rheem Furnace  3 amp fuse rcha 36a2g. where is location Rheem Furnace  3 amp fuse rcha 36a2g.
Heating & AC	AC Fan Runs Constantly Even if Unit is Turned Off!. I have a two story house with two air conditioning units.  One for the upst
Heating & AC	blower motor wiring - 6 colors, but no black or white wire!. Please help! Wiring new blower motor, stored since manufactured in
Heating & AC	wall furnace produced a bang when lites. When the wall furnace lites it produces a bang and some fire around the propane entran
Heating & AC	Wiring Honeywell Programmable Thermostat. I am having trouble figuring out the wiring for a new programmable thermostat install
Heating & AC	Centigrade to Fahrenheit. Some how my unit got changed to centigrade like to know how I can change it back to Fahrenheit
Heating & AC	there is a lot of water leak coming from the vent connected to my gas furnace. i found that my furnance is leaking a lot of wat
Heating & AC	checking a capacitor. how do you check a capacitor on a outside condenser
Heating & AC	Pilot Light will not stay lit on hot water heater. My pilot light will not stay lit.  I replaced the thermocouple.  The flame i
Heating & AC	What's the best condenser fan speed control to use? Will it save on my electric bill?. What's the best condenser fan speed cont
Heating & AC	whats the best filter for a 1988 Trane Xe 60?. I finally found the opening for the filter, but there is not a slot.  I have b
Heating & AC	gas fireplace fumes. my natural gas fireplace worked fine the first yr. [installed new] now it has bad fumes. i cleaned it good
Heating & AC	low suction from filter on my ac unit. The pipe to the outside unit keeps freezing and there is low suction from the filter in 
Heating & AC	new amana heater not working. We have an Amana heater and central air thingy, we have called and spent hundreds of dollars for 
Heating & AC	Replacing a Coleman mobile home furnace. Hello,  I recently purchased a 1972 Fleetwood with the original Coleman 7680 furnace. 
Heating & AC	3 ton evaporator coil with 5 ton condenser. Will a 3 ton coil work with a 5 ton condenser?
Heating & AC	Linking Honeywell Chronotherm Plus IV to AC unit. I have a Chronotherm IV being used wirelessly to control one of two furnaces 
Heating & AC	Leaky compression joints in flexible copper pipe for swamp cooler.. Installed almost 100 ft. of new 1/4 flexible copper piping
Heating & AC	Furnace Squirrel cage suddenly loud. This is a ten-year old Goodman GMPN100-4.    Today the motor suddenly increased in noise. 
Heating & AC	clare furnace company/xvaq64-4. It look's like the plenum is leaking water can this part be replced? Don't tell I need a new fu
Heating & AC	I need a schematic for a Rheem AC Unit Model RRGG-370-150-EB.. I am working on an AC unit that has not been in operation for qu
Heating & AC	replacing  seco 24 vac ta2000 stat with a honeywell ct3611- does the black w go. I am replacing a Seco 24 VAC TA2000 with a Hon
Heating & AC	Rite temp8022c. I can't get the air conditioning to turn on the heat works fine. I have old wiring. I have the blue connect to 
Heating & AC	goodman furnace blower motor problems. furnace blower motor not working. it hums when trying to engage.
Heating & AC	Trouble shooting Rheem hot water heater. How do I figure out what part is wrong with my Rheem Power Vent S/N 1094 D22371: which
Heating & AC	Haier HG80B10012A. I just bought this furnace.. And I want to install it as a downflow.. Do I just flip the whole furnace upsid
Heating & AC	Basement air conditioner installment question.. Two years ago I had my basement renovated and the contractor installed an air c
Heating & AC	High and low side pressure readings on home AC R-22 refrigerant. I would like to find out the normal operating range of pressur
Heating & AC	pressure switch open with inducer on?. I have an intertherm propane furnace, new in 2006 we just turned propane back on for th
Heating & AC	air handler. I have Air handling unit with two inlet water and two outlet, i wanna know how to install it with header which com
Heating & AC	amana air command high efficiency 80 gas furnace. my amana air command high efficiency 80 gas furnace is not heating the house,
Heating & AC	gmp075-3 troubleshooting. The main blower comes on by itself and it tries to light, led blinks constantly... is the transformer
Heating & AC	Air Handler Blower runs for 20 seconds then stops for 3 seconds. Tempstar Air Handler FXM4X4800A1 Installed 09/2010. Tempstar H
Heating & AC	Why is ac unit blowing warm air?. Air handler, compressor and fan all working. Air Temperature at handler is 69 degrees.
Heating & AC	HVAC Troubleshooting Questions. Our AC has stopped giving us cool air a few times. A few months ago it did this I turned the br
Heating & AC	Trane XE 80 Problems Fan will not run. Fan motor will not start or run in Auto or manual
Heating & AC	we need a new a/c unit 2 bedroom 1 floor condo,what size will we need ?. our central a/c is blowing cool at best and we need a 
Heating & AC	Why is my HVAC which is new running constantly at 73 degree F. what is responsible for my system running constantly.Could it be
Heating & AC	why is the outside unit of my central heat and air not working. My outside fan on my air conditioner is not working. I can turn
Heating & AC	Miller mobile home furnace. My miller home furnace MMHA-077ABHR-02 has a UT Electronic Controls 1018 series hot surface ignitor
Heating & AC	goodman air handler 24 vac common wire terminal. Have a Goodman AWUF300816BA Air Handler, Single Cool, Heat Strip (No Heat Pump
Heating & AC	where is the fuse box in a Lenox furnace.  The a/c will not kick in.. My a/c does not kick in.  Where can I find the fuse box i
Heating & AC	My Noma thermostat does not back light any more... My Noma thermostat does not backlight anymore. I tried changing the batterie
Heating & AC	what is the watts for 35 yrae old chromalox 8 feet electric baseboaer heater. I have an 8 feet chromalox electric  baseboard he
Heating & AC	Beacon Morris BRU-45, won't ignite. I have a garage heater, ceiling mounted, Beacon Morris, BRU-45. I am trying to fire it up f
Heating & AC	Thermostat problems or furnace problems. Is it possible that a thermostat operates correct all the time except when it reaches 
Heating & AC	Honeywell RTH7000 thermostat problem. I have a new Honeywell RTH7500 programmable Tstat, fan will run in continuous fan mode bu
Heating & AC	Payne Air Conditioning Unit. do the shutoff valves on my old payne ac unit work backwards?
Heating & AC	Lennox AC -- fan not working. lennox A/c will not run.  The fan runs for 30 secounds and then it does not run at all.  I have c
Heating & AC	Coil problems. How long should the coil last before rusting out
Heating & AC	Hunter Digital Thermostat filter light flashing. Why does the change filter light continue to flash after installing a new filt
Heating & AC	Robertshaw 9520 to hunter 44127 wiring detail. I have a Robertshaw 9520 tstat and I want to move the wires to a Hunter 44127,44
Heating & AC	blower motor works in heat mode not in cooling mode. I have an older kenmore furnace. the blower motor comes on in the heat mod
Heating & AC	I need a plug-in 20A/220V timer for A/C.. I live in an apartment, so can't wire in a timer, so have been trying to find a timer
Heating & AC	Bryant Furnace Ignitor brand new, but doesn't want to start.. Age of equipment: 2001 is the model year as best as I can tell Br
Heating & AC	maple chase thermostat 09500. Our thermostat is blinking and we do not know what this means should we change the batteries or i
Heating & AC	Short cycles. Won't keep running. Heats up quick and shuts off. Hot water won't take priority..
Heating & AC	replacement thermostat for totaline p274-0200. I have a totaline p274-0200 thermostat and looking for a replacment, that I coul
Heating & AC	where does gray wire connect on a honeywell rth6350 thermostat. My old thermostat was a honeywell  CT3611.   I bought a new Hon
Heating & AC	Flooding with Hydronic Heating Systems. Can a special pressure DROP differential valve be installed at the main waterline thu
Heating & AC	G e replacement blower motor. Do u know where the wires all go. The replacement motor has  red black yellow blue brown brown an
Heating & AC	goodman central air not turning on. When calling for ac the unit does not respond. The t-stat ac symbol blinks when calling for
Heating & AC	My furnace fan won't run in the fan on position on the thermostat.. My furnace fan won't run in the fan on position on the ther
Heating & AC	Low voltage wiring for janitrol. I found a furnace that had the common on the transformer grounded to the cabinet?and the commo
Heating & AC	Coleman DGAA090bd. Coleman DGAA090BDTB light was flashing indicating an open limiter switch.  the lower switch is good.  The fa
Heating & AC	replacement fuse. I am trying to locate the front fuse on our Coleman Presidential 2 electric furnace. It has the #13484 on the
Heating & AC	A/c not cooling enough. I have a 2 story single family home , total HLA 1400-1700. IÂve lived in the house for  almost 3 Â  yea
Heating & AC	Evap coil only half cold. My evaporator coil will only get ice cold on the lower portion and the upper half is warm .  What wou
Heating & AC	My outside Lennox A/C unit not coming on, fan runs, but nothing else.. Hi! My outside Lennox A/C unit (approx. 4 years old) is 
Heating & AC	icp furnace troubleshooting. I have a ICP furnace model FBF075B12A my problem is the fan run at all times and wont shut off I w
Heating & AC	Lennox A/C HSXA15 outside unit not working. Hello,  I've checked the breakers, used a volt meter to confirm voltage to both the
Heating & AC	No ignition. Furnace won't light. Red light blinking 7 times.
Heating & AC	What is causing loud rattle when the A/C is on?. Furnace was being inspected and now there is a loud rattle with the A/C on, wa
Heating & AC	58sta019-16. Power surge blew my 3amp fuse. Replaced but still wont come on. 24volts gets to the board but will not turn unit o
Heating & AC	Heil Furnace Troubleshooting Guide. The furnace heats up and fan works when in the fan on position.  When i put it in auto the 
Heating & AC	Air handler wiring. How do I wire thermostat,air handler and condenser when air handler has only 3 control wires green,brown, a
Heating & AC	Setting duel thermostats in the summer. We have a two story house with duel thermostats. My brother-in-law has the upstairs set
Heating & AC	coleman hvac split ac-recall. is there a recall on coleman furnace/ac (split unit)
Heating & AC	how to fix puctured window a/c line. i used the wrong screw and puctured one of the u shaped copper line on my frigidaire 5000 
Heating & AC	Lennox G26 Elite series furnace problems. I have a G26 Elite Series furnace. The inducer motor comes on as well as the flames f
Heating & AC	where to find rheem imperial 80 plus furnace blower. My furnace blower seems imbalanced when it runs.  You can hear noise comin
Heating & AC	Heat won't shut off.. I have a totaline P474-1100REC receiver.  It was working perfectly, matched to a totaline wireless digita
Heating & AC	What type of filter do I need for My Bryant Plus 80 Energy Efficient Gas Furnace. What type of Filter do I need for Product # 3
Heating & AC	Adding r 22 keeps dropping my suction pressure. Why is it that no matter what I do my suction drops I add refridgerent it drop 
Heating & AC	Air conditioner condenser fan motor capacitor?. The Condenser Fan Motor Capacitor on my TRANE AC was replaced Sept. 2010,  I ha
Heating & AC	Make boiler. I want to take a Jenny steam pressure washer and convert it to a boiler I can use for my pipe lining. I am a licen
Heating & AC	Payne AC 13 Seer R-410A cost 2.5 tons. Does anyone know of a fair price for Payne AC 13 Seer R-410A cost 2.5 tons (gas pack) wi
Heating & AC	A/C stops running after 5 minutes. Sir, 	 We have a Lennox split ac system (outside model number 10ACC-042-230-04) (inside mode
Heating & AC	Start capacitor/ run capacitor info. Ok I think I have narrowed my problem down to either a run capacitor or my start capacitor
Heating & AC	how to hook up central air to furnace. I have a goodman gas furnace and air unit how do i hook it up its a upflo unit
Heating & AC	Converting Thermostat Old to Digital. Does anyone know how to convert an old thermostat to a new one? 7 whire harness with colo
Heating & AC	hvac. my hvac blower motor works in heat mode only not cooling, will not work with manual mode either
Heating & AC	colman evcon furance and air. My air cond. Unit outside would kick on but the blower on the inside would not, i had someone com
Heating & AC	A/C problem. Why doe my a/c blower motor run even when the thermostat is set to off?
Heating & AC	bryant furnace repair forum. I have BRYANT 394GAW048100 furnace. It works fine. However, once heat cycle is over, fan stops and
Heating & AC	Power vent water heater won't stay ignited. I have a 6 year old Richmond (made by Rheem) power vent water heater. The burner wi
Heating & AC	heat pump condenser fan motor. i am replacing my condenser fan motor the new motor wiring is different from the old (failed) mo
Heating & AC	heater oil come on then cut off. my heate oil come on for about a minute after I hit reset and cut off. My thremostat click but
Heating & AC	ac blower slow to start and makes humming noise. I have an old central unit, about 20 y.o., The fan that blows air into the hou
Heating & AC	Camper A/C. Hello all, I am trying to get the a/c on my camper working. It was working when I initially tried it a few months a
Heating & AC	nordyne air conditioner. i want to add booster fan how should i wire in
Heating & AC	fan runs on our york heat pump even when the thermostat is in the off position. when our air conditioning is running the compre
Heating & AC	water from condensor drain. i have a problem. In the process of installing a new laminate floor i found water in my wifes close
Heating & AC	Best BRAND Humidifier. I need help here please we have had r/c installed now for a few months & my 19yo cat has been sick all t
Heating & AC	My repair says, I cannot have a 2 1/2 ton Evaporation coil and a 2 Ton Unit outside?. I had my heater replaced about 4 yrs ago 
Heating & AC	how to wire a trane thermostat tcont802as32daa to a rude ac the wires that come from. how to wire a trane thermostat tcont802as
Heating & AC	help with air conditioning. I have a air conditioner and a heater in the garage the fan on the heater wont come onbut the air c
Heating & AC	ac unit outside heats up and fan stops, when cool will restart. ac unit outside heats up, you can hear noise,, and fan stops wo
Heating & AC	what is supposed to get tied into the process of new oil furnace & central ac. We had a new oil furnace put in in Dec just past
Heating & AC	Somone installed a Trane XL 90 and now the AC unit will not work with the furnace.. A local AC& Heating company installed a Tra
Heating & AC	My AC repairman disconnected my capacitor and now says i need a new condensor. AC repairman disconnected my capacitor and now s
Heating & AC	air handler noises. I have a 7 year old carrier central airconditioner.  in march, 2012 all Freon tubing and copper lines were 
Heating & AC	rheem heat-air-conditioning. I need to replace the contactor on my rheem central air. Should i replace it with the same type( s
Heating & AC	Monitor heater error code 13, how do I trouble shoot and fix heater?. My monitor heater is 3 years old and has never had a prob
Heating & AC	ac not kicking off. When we turn on the ac it will not turn off when it reached the temp we have it set on.  The heat works fin
Heating & AC	chronotherm iv plus air conditioning. How should the wires be hooked up if I have separate air conditioning and heat? I have th
Heating & AC	Insulate duct work. Hello,  I am in the process of finishing my basement, and I wanted to insulate the main trunk line of my du
Heating & AC	Wesco Furnace Repair. I have a Wesco Residential Furnace 20.7 RU 240V 60Hz 1 PH how do I tell if it moves 1200 CFM? does not me
Heating & AC	troubleshooting thermostats. power was off 2 dys ago for 2 hours due to thunderstorm.  when power was restored our digital ther
Heating & AC	air conditioner fan running at random times. Ok, We just moved into a rental house.  The house has a programable thermostat, an
Heating & AC	Maple Chase Thermostat Question. This thermostat is at least 10-11 years old I believe. At one point it had a temperature diffe
Heating & AC	New Reliance AC unit- not cooling house, company person says everything is ok.. My new cooling unit from Reliance is not coolin
Heating & AC	if my thermostat is blank could it be a circuit breaker?. if my thermostat is blank could it be a circuit breaker? My thermosta
Heating & AC	wiring. I didn't mark my wires when I put in new in Honeywell CT78N thermostat. It worked until I tried my air conditioner and 
Heating & AC	heatpump outside unit wont stay on. outside unit cycles but wont stay running. causes low pressure line freeze up.
Heating & AC	AC repair. Carrier heat pump model(38QN030310). I recently bought a new condensor fan motor (Dayton model single phase). This m
Heating & AC	damper clamp. I have a vent-less gas log so why do I need a damper clamp to keep the damper open?
Heating & AC	tried everything still not working. my central heat air stopped working completely we have change fuses capastor motor Freon ha
Heating & AC	1996 Luxaire furnace blows hot then cold air led flashes 5 times roll out open. Started having problems this winter furnace wil
Heating & AC	lenox outside condensor. My outside central AC condenser/compressor unit (a Lennox) is not turning on, i checked the thermostat
Heating & AC	parts for airworks ceiling fan ( nylon ball). I need the nylon ball that holds the fan blades and is used with the remote
Heating & AC	RobertShaw 9420 Thermostat. My thermostat keep shutting off altogether. No reading or anything. After a day of so, it will clic
Heating & AC	Thermostat. The temperature is set to 65 degrees but no cold air is blowing and it reads 80 degrees inside, why is the air not 
Heating & AC	trane xe78 hvac. I have a trane xe78 40,000 BTU HVAC unit in my second floor attic. When I try to turn on the A/C, you can hear
Heating & AC	outside air conditioner coils. I will begin by saying I can't buy a new a.c. unit so I need to figure out a way to use the one 
Heating & AC	when i turn ac unit on smells like natural gas. I live in Army govt. housing. Last summer, when we turned on the AC there was a
Heating & AC	evcon dgaa070bdtb. I just got a goodman 3 ton and it came with a furnace and coil.  I have a new furnace evcon dgaa070bdtb with
Heating & AC	Flooding with hydronic heating systems. Can a burst pipe in a Hydronic heating system cause flooding until the water is shut of
Heating & AC	How do I find a manual for portable Noma Air conditioner. Hi all,  We bought a Noma portable air conditioner on kijiji yesterda
Heating & AC	What is the size of the unit with the model number and the serial number to the Rudd. What is the size of the unit with the mod
Heating & AC	my dog chewed up my a/c wires. dog chewed my ac wires colors are red green and white, coming from the unit is yellow and blue b
Heating & AC	My dog chewed the wires leading to my AC Unit. I got home today and the dog completely chewed off the wires that go to the AC u
Heating & AC	why is my blower moter on my a/c unit make a buzzing sound. my condenser coil freezes up in minutes , turned on fan on to thaw 
Heating & AC	Heating home on solar electricity. I am currently heating my home with a gas forced air system.  I want to install solar panels
Heating & AC	Thermostat reads low battery. I have a Honeywell thermostat which reads low battery.  I replaced the batteries with fresh batte
Heating & AC	how many degrees is a quarter bubble?. When installing an AC unit it is recommended to tilt it back a quarter bubble. How doe
Heating & AC	1890 sq foot house how much to replace ac unit. house is approx 1900 sq feet, replaced all windows cat 5 & heat resistant, dog 
Heating & AC	Water leaking from funace. I have water leaking from underneath my funace. I have A,C. but it is not on. The amount of water is
Heating & AC	My beckett oil burner keeps going off.. I have a Beckett.  I changed the eye.  I push the reset button, it goes on, I get a puf
Heating & AC	Can you change freezer that uses R504 to R22 and it still freeze food?. I bought a 4 section freezer from a Food World that wen
Heating & AC	Cut through a white and green wire on the outside fan. I cut through my wores on the outside of my house that run from the a c 
Heating & AC	ACG42G1 Condensor Unit. When the condensor first starts there is a slight grinding noise. Fan spins as it should and the grindi
Heating & AC	Water heater PRV 50 nbrto. Hello.  We have a State Water Heater Model PRV 50 NBRTO, CAPACITY 50, NATURAL GAS.  I can't seem to 
Heating & AC	Installing digital thermostat. I replaced an Intertherm analog thermostat with a Hunter Fan digital and the wire tags used to i
Heating & AC	state select water heaters. I got a gas water heater that look to be no gas pressure to pump gas after lighting up....I can see
Heating & AC	when my breaker to my water heater is on it will kick the main beraker. my main breaker kicked yesterday and I had no power in 
Heating & AC	Wiring for steam boilers. What is the wiring design for the low cut out when related to residential steam boilers
Heating & AC	what size propane generator do I need for a mobile home. I want to run an generator during the winter when the lights go out, I
Heating & AC	froze up Rheem model RCBA-2457GG14. What could cause this unit to freeze up n leak? The unit worked fine last summer and the fi
Heating & AC	lennox 10acc. Lennox 10ACC-048-230-02  Blows 40 amp breaker like right now. Opened up outside controll panel and found a mouse 
Heating & AC	Capacitor or motor. How do I know whether my capacitor or blower motor is at fault. My blower motor is weak and won't blow the 
Heating & AC	Armsrtong Ultra III  80 no A/C. My Armstrong Ultra III 80 works fine on heat but when I put the A/C on I get nothing. I turned 
Heating & AC	Does a 3 ton coil match up with a 2 ton condenser unit. I have a new Payne brand 2 ton central air unit that was installed by m
Heating & AC	Honeywell CT3200 - fan continuously running. I just noticed that regardless of whether the FAN switch is in the AUTO or ON posi
Heating & AC	Freezing up. My parents own double wide trailer. Their central ac constantly freezes up. A friend had them get a 3 1/2 ton ac
Heating & AC	air compressor for home air conditioner. what is the average cost of installing an air compressor - 10 year unit, 3 ton.
Heating & AC	Why does my AC blow warm air for a while, then go back to cold air?. Our AC does great until around 1 p.m. Then it starts blowi
Heating & AC	air conditioning. air conditioner is not pushing air hard enough. should i get a larger motor? model number on the fan now is 7
Heating & AC	Nordyne KG5 series gas furnace won't light due to error code on board. Double-flashing red LED indicates an open pressure switc
Heating & AC	high side pressure for ft5bd-060k air conditioner. I need to know what the high and low side pressures should be on a FT5BD-060
Heating & AC	Air Conditioning Runs but Does Not Cool. Amana air conditioning unit (Central Florida) that run almost 100% of the time.  The f
Heating & AC	inside blower. Start like it go to run but keep go out on cool heat and fan
Heating & AC	HVAC Furnace will not light when exhaust pipe is connected.... At first our furnace heat wasn't coming on, we called our home w
Heating & AC	trane xl 1100 model #ycx030f1moba no heat. This is a 1996 model gas heat and a/c combo that when I turn the heat on it will sta
Heating & AC	enviroplus90 furnace. my fan keeps running and the thermostat keeps showing that ac is on but the thermostat is shut off cant g
Heating & AC	free hvac questions and answers. We have air cooling York chiller model YCHA 110, it has two systems with two reciprocating com
Heating & AC	Temperature Setting. when on the cool setting we are unable to get the temperature to go below 70 - is there a setting that nee
Heating & AC	i have a he360 humidifier by honeywell that runs all the time why. installed a Honeywell he360 humidifier, the system seems to 
Heating & AC	cool air. I have a c/a system. my furnace is heated by oil. my thermostats are set to heat. when the furnace kicks on hot air c
Heating & AC	Hvac. When I push the contactor it all works but as soon as I let go everything stops running.  What should I check for ? My ru
Heating & AC	Chalky dust in master bedroom. My wife and I moved into a older house in December and since have found our master bedroom to be
Heating & AC	boiler damper not opening. My boiler flue damper is not opening and the unit will not start up.  I do not believe it is the the
Heating & AC	carrier furnace 28RD130000 year of manufacture. What year was my Carrier Furnace made. Serial Number is U622247l.  Model is 28R
Heating & AC	lennox elite 13 furnace. furnace blower comes on but the flame wont come on just runs waiting for ingnition of flame gas is on 
Heating & AC	How to switch on the AC without remote control?. I have a VERTIS Classic AC (A TATA product), but I lost its remote control due
Heating & AC	Ac fan motor. I put a new run capacitor and new start capacitor kit on my ac unit turned it on and ran fine for about a hr then
Heating & AC	carrier weathermaker 8000 a/c. I woke up this morning and my house was hot. Checked TSTAT...fan on auto...cool mode. Went outsi
Heating & AC	ac wont start. there is a huming noise
Heating & AC	goodman furnace problems. I have a Goodman GMNT080-4 gas furnace. It stoped working and in checking it out, the control board w
Heating & AC	Getting warm air. My unit is off and it is pushing warm air while it is off. And when it is on it pushes warm also, why would i
Heating & AC	central air hook up directly to furnace. Just had a Nordyne central air unit 3.5 ton installed. My furnace is a Carrier. Don't 
Heating & AC	Maple/ chase thermostat. I let the batteries run low on my thermostat. I just replaced them but the display still reads lo bat
Heating & AC	Basement venting basic question. Experts,  Can't find answer for basic question of basement ventilation method: do you vent air
Heating & AC	puron help. ok have the oportunity to replace my ducts and a new 5 ton 14 seer greenspeed for a killer price under my 12 year o
Heating & AC	mears home thermostat - repair. Have old Mears thermostat. Can never set it to preferred temp, and apt. maintenance won't sho
Heating & AC	Concern. I just turn my AC Unit on and the fan outside the house would not move.   I moved with a screwdriver and finally worke
Heating & AC	How do I find out how many Btu my unit is. I have a air conditioner condenser and I'm trying to find out how many BTU, s it is 
Heating & AC	Determining the right size central A/C unit for 1,000 sf home. We just had a new HVAC system installed in Maryland and the A/C 
Heating & AC	Is NEST 2nd gen compatible with Trane XC95M and XL16i?. Is NEST 2nd gen compatible with Trane XC95M and XL16i? I have an XL900 
Heating & AC	heat energy to electrical energy project. i am working on a project where i need to store heat from stove and later convert it 
Heating & AC	york furnace fan kill switch. The furnace fan kill switch on my unit has issues.  First, the furnace filter is held down by a m
Heating & AC	air handler varible speed wiring to the thermostat. how hook up air handler variable speed to thermostat
Heating & AC	Trane unit popping and flashing. Outdoor unit began multiple loud popping noises accompanied by flashing light inside unit.  Ev
Heating & AC	What size circuit breakers and wire size do I need for the following air conditioner. What size circuit breakers and wire size 
Heating & AC	Relay or other option to simulate B wire when only O wire available?. My geothermal heat pump requires a thermostat that provid
Heating & AC	Intertherm Furnace Problems. I have a 1972 intertherm furnace ...it has a red blower unit on top below is the chamber and in fr
Heating & AC	not cooling from squirrel cage blower. Hi...my central air system does not seems to work. We cannot received any cool air at al
Heating & AC	I installed my thermostat.  The ac worked fine but when it went on automatic the fan. I installed my thermostat.  The ac worked
Heating & AC	Coleman Electric Furnace. How do I find the wiring diagram for my coleman/evcon, model #3500A812?
Heating & AC	eletric furnace. I'm hooking up a new thermostat for electric furnace with heat pump I have red white green yellow orange blue 
Heating & AC	changed the control board in my furnace, due to water damage. the new w/r replacement. Changed out the control/circuit board on
Heating & AC	Heil furnace troubleshooting. My heil furnace does not come on, it comes on as soon as you move the thermastat but once it reac
Heating & AC	my ac fan is working but the compressor is not working. Fan is running compressor is not starting . How can I fix it at home ri
Heating & AC	Payne unit PA13NR042-J. What is the warranty on the motor for the PA13NR042-J?  We had it installed on May of 2012, and the mot
Heating & AC	amana pgb36c0902e. Outdoor fan stops while ac still runs checked alt of common thing relay, capacitors look fine fan moves free
Heating & AC	tempstar model ca5536uka1. My A/C unit started making noise at the exhaust fan. The fan motor sounds like the bearing is going 
Heating & AC	Hvac. Can I remove the broken air conditioning unit from my havc unit and still use the furnace
Heating & AC	AC unit on outside / Fan inside not blowing.. I had a manual thermostat (old) and just replaced it with a Digital Ritetemp 6022
Heating & AC	Pellet Stoves. I've had my Whitfield Pellet (Profile 20)stove for 3 years. Worked OK until last week when the temp dropped in t
Heating & AC	one thermostat two stoves. pellet stove i  want to hookup A pellet stove to the same thermostat as the furnace
Heating & AC	Goodman GMP 100-3. The furnace stars (inducer runs) ignitor lights up and then the flame sensor turns on the blowers for about 
Heating & AC	difference between slp98uhv and slp98v. What is the difference between a Lenox slp98uhv and slp98v
Heating & AC	White Rodgers control board 50a50-471. Board died, replaced it with 50a55-843.  Put in ro1/ro2 jumper.  When I turned it on bot
Heating & AC	Heat Pump Help PLEASE!. My home Rheem system is about 18 years old. The system has been maintained w/ outside and inside coils 
Heating & AC	Cambridge electric fireplace. I just bought a new electric fireplace from Home Depot. It is item #16496. It has the fake flame 
Heating & AC	Car Heater Blows Cold Air. I have a 1999 ford explorer 4.o L v6 . I had hate but but herd a pop . then no heat ,I just change t
Heating & AC	Comfortmaker Model. I have a Comfortmaker gas furnace in my utility room, but I cannot find the model number on the furnace. It
Heating & AC	Manual for NOMA programmable thermostat. Can you help me find a manual for NOMA programmable thermostat?
Heating & AC	Air guide home comfort station. It has 5 buttons-3for temp & 2 for humidity.i don't know what the min max reset for temp & min 
Heating & AC	gas log. pilot light is lit, but burner will not turn on.
Heating & AC	How much does it cost to replace a transformeron the heating and air conditioner?. How much does it cost to replace a transform
Heating & AC	Air Conditioner not turning on. I have a York A/C unit outside and when I flip the thermostat to turn the air conditioner on, n
Heating & AC	Beach furnace model MGP700. I have a very old Beach furnace 1977 model that needs a igniter. It has this information on a tag: 
Heating & AC	My blower will run with thermostate set on Fan but will not run on Automatic.. Will start set on fan only and while set on fan 
Heating & AC	Replacing the Outside AC Unit. Outside A/C unit makes a really loud humming noise when it runs. What can be done to remedy this
Heating & AC	Two HVAC questions. Hi - I live in Northern VA and have heat pump.  Its been working fine but recently I've gotten in middle of
Heating & AC	how can I regulate the temperature in a 2 story house with a loft?. I have a 2 story house with a loft that overlooks the high 
Heating & AC	indiglo S.# 44550. In a heat wave !!! Eeeks !!! Our home is about 1600 soft, towards the afternoon, the house is 78' to 82' way
Heating & AC	trane air handler not working. Trane air handler not working. Outside heat pump does. Checked motor and it spins freely. HVAC g
Heating & AC	day and night furnace model numbers. I'm trying to find age of my unit.  Model 100 u 19A   SN LEGGA 45914
Heating & AC	manual for 1F86-244. thermostat says lo battery.  Replaced batteries, still says lo battery.  Is there a reset button?
Heating & AC	Generator to Run Air Conditioner Problem. I use a Honda Generator to run small 7000btu Air Cond. in a boat.   Older Honda ran A
Heating & AC	Lennox Oil Burner Troubleshooting. HELP.  I have a Lennox OF23Q3 oil burner. It is tripping out the safety button on the primar
Heating & AC	what are side effects of thermostat not being compatiable with HVAC unit. If the thermostat is not compatible with the heating 
Heating & AC	emerson electric motors. on a emerson motor that has five wires on it I need to know which wire goes to what .red,yellow,blue,b
Heating & AC	My gas furnace is occasionally short cycles, leading to system lockout.. Occasionlly (once or twice per week), when gas is call
Heating & AC	blower motor wiring. I have AO Smith motor 1/3hp with red,black and white wires where do I connect them please help
Heating & AC	bryant heat pump thermostat error code e2. what does a bryant heat pump thermostat error code e2
Heating & AC	Intertherm Furnace Troubleshooting. intertherm furnace model # M1MB070A BW  blower motor fan is squealing, what can be the prob
Heating & AC	ac cooling time. i purchased  a 1.5 ton cube split ac of panasonic company fitted in room 10*13 and roof hightis 11 fit , its 
Heating & AC	unlock codes for bradford white model mitw40s6fbn. sensor was set off by cat litter box. is there a way to unlock it
Heating & AC	gooman air handler model gmp075-3. I don't know where the common wire from the condenser is supposed to connect to the air hand
Heating & AC	hvac. why my blower doesnt stop
Heating & AC	A/C sometimes working, sometimes not. The problem started about a week ago.   The A/C didn't blow cold air when thermostat show
Heating & AC	ac thermostat. Installd hm thermostat but it is not  reading temp
Heating & AC	Heat not coming on ge furnace blu080e924b1. Replaced the thermostat and furance won't put out any heat.  Pilot light is on and 
Heating & AC	will  a 2 1/2 ton coil match with a 3 ton condensor. 2 1/2 to coil on the inside work with a 3 ton condensor on the outside
Heating & AC	Remove and old General Controls Thermostat.  How do I get to the subbase?. I have an OLD (70 to 80 years?) General Controls The
Heating & AC	amana heating cooling. Had new amana split unit installed in February it heated house ok, but since its got warm , the unit wil
Heating & AC	air conditioner makes booming noise after shut off. Out air conditioning unit is probably 25 years old and cools well.  However
Heating & AC	Inside Central air not working. I have a Carrier central air unit, it's part number is - 58STA090 - - - 10116. The model number
Heating & AC	honeywell transformer relay wiring. I'm having the same problem, where does the red black brown from the re lay go? are any of 
Heating & AC	Is 45000 BTU furnace as good as 60000 BTU furnace for 1200 square foot home?. will running longer to heat be better or not
Heating & AC	my thermostat keeps jumping to 78 degrees. I can't figure out how to reset the program on my thermostat
Heating & AC	condenser fan blows hot on half and cold on half. condenser fan blows hot on half cold on half
Heating & AC	beacon morris bru-45 ignites then goes out. beacon morris bru-45 furnace will ignite, run for a short time, go out. the light w
Heating & AC	thermostat problems. I just recently tried to replace my digital thermostat for my furnace/central air. It is 5 wire system. I 
Heating & AC	code light flashes. I have a Red T furnace I'm not sure the model, but the code light flashes four times. A sticker on it tells
Heating & AC	harbor breeze ceiling fan remote. I have Harbor Breeze ceiling fans with remotes. My tenant can't get them to switch back to s
Heating & AC	Gas furnace turns off after a minute or two. My friend has a honeywell Century gas furnace. The pilot light is on. Furnace will
Heating & AC	how do i find out the size of my outside ac unit. howe do I find out how many tons my ac unit is
Heating & AC	I noticed a burning plastic odor emitting from heat vents. I have a gas furnace in a modular home.  I woke up yesterday morning
Heating & AC	gas log pilot okay but gas log won,t turn on. my gas log fireplace won,t turn on and the pilot light is on and heating the ther
Heating & AC	Block cold air vent. How close to a cold air vent can I put a china cabinet?
Heating & AC	HVAC system inside blower motor cycling rapidly.. I have a split hvac system.  The problem I have is that the blower motor insi
Heating & AC	Looking for help with the Honeywell Chronotherm IV Plus Thermostat. This morning I woke to a warm downstairs area. I walked ove
Heating & AC	Air conditioner is brand new & is running for 8-12 hours non-stop. I had my a/c unit replaced 2 months ago and it is running wi
Heating & AC	Empire furnace. When our empire furnace comes on, it doesn't stay on for very long, even though the room is still cold.  Is the
Heating & AC	No air coming out of the registers. I followed all troubleshooting no air is coming out. The unit outside seems to be running t
Heating & AC	e1ra030s06d size. does anyone know what ton this unit is e1ra030so6d
Heating & AC	Do I have a single or multi-stage heat pump?  Want programmable thermostat.. Hi, I'm looking to replace my thermostat with a ne
Heating & AC	can i replace my Goodman's blower motor or fan to get higher airflow. my ancient package unit would run a little while and shut
Heating & AC	Lennox Air Conditioner not working at all after winter. Hi, Our central air conditioning (Lennox) is not working at all. It was
Heating & AC	Have upstairs  thermostat set at 78, downstairs at 77 except for 8 hrs at night. We can not close the upstairs off from the dow
Heating & AC	thermal zone central air conditioners TZAA-342-2A757. What is a fair price for this unit installed
Heating & AC	honeywell RTH230B thermostat turns air off at set temperture but never comes back on. Honeywell RTH23B thermostat turns air con
Heating & AC	ultra sx 80 furnace. I have a Ultra SX 80 furnace do these models have two stage fan system for heating & cooling?
Heating & AC	how to wire a t-stat for a heatpump. how to wire a goodman heatpump
Heating & AC	carrier fan blade noise. My carrier home unit fan blade started screeching yesterday. Hit the shaft with some WD ad this is all
Heating & AC	Noma Thermostat Instructions. Hi....just moved into new house with Noma Thermostats and have no directions....can I get them so
Heating & AC	luxaire AC Unit not turning on. My Luxaire AC Unit will not turn on, i am pretty handy but don't know much about AC Units.  The
Heating & AC	ritetemp 8082c  troubleshooting. My ritetemp8082c thermostat the temp keeps going to 28 degrees Fahrenheit.  Change batteries, 
Heating & AC	Honeywell chronotherm iv plus manual. Can't find in manual.  How do I get the cover off the thermostat in order to change the b
Heating & AC	air handler problem. have a american standard twe air handler.  the motor seems to be turning slow.  the dip switches are set f
Heating & AC	Water collecting in bottom of air conditioner pan. Room a/c units have part of unit sitting outside window since the is open to
Heating & AC	Lennox ac fan. Thank you all so much in advance. I bench tested the fan motor and it hums and when I help it a little, it runs.
Heating & AC	Hvac. Home heater and a/c coming on at the same time all electric system
Heating & AC	Nothing on screen. Why doesn't the screen have any writing on it?
Heating & AC	Odd burning smell in house. Hello, I am looking for some advice.  In our house, we experience a very strong burning smell (like
Heating & AC	Insulating in a basement.... I am trying to find a way to put insulation in my basement. On my south wall, there is no insulati
Heating & AC	Honeywell t-stat. How do I connect a Honeywell RTH6350D to a DuroZone SMZ-3SW?
Heating & AC	Bad circuit board ST9103A 1069 replaced it now only fan runs. I have a oil master heater. The circuit board is a ST9103A-1069. 
Heating & AC	heat pump cools until late evening, i turn it off then it works fine. heat pump cools house to 72 degree all day until 7 oclock
Heating & AC	AO Smith condenser motor wiring. I am replacing a GE arconditionaing condenser fan motor with an AO Smith 5-5/8 diameter total
Heating & AC	blower on furnace will not come on. My fan blower would not cut on. I tried cutting it over to fan and not automatic and still 
Heating & AC	York error codes. what does error code flashing 9 times mean for York air conditioner P3URC20N09501E
Heating & AC	Hey all, I need a new capacitor. AC stopped working, but we are in arizona. even now, in may, at 1am, its still almost 90* in t
Heating & AC	wiring problem on a airhandler. I installed a 2 ton airhanler (1st choice) it did not have wire diagram in it,i take it the bro
Heating & AC	Gas Furnace Blowing Cold Air. furnace fan on no heat?i know check fuel source.so have fuel why does fan come on only doesn't li
Heating & AC	Fan in the outside unit shuts off after some time. Hello,  The fan in the outside unit of my Goodman airconditioner shuts off a
Heating & AC	battery replacement doesn't work. When the Repl Batt message came up we replaced the batteries according to instructions and 
Heating & AC	heating. i have an everdure indoor gas heater, pilot light lights heater and as soon as i let button out it goes out?
Heating & AC	2-wire thermostat to wifi control. I want to install a new thermostate, which will be wifi enabled. Before I uninstall the exis
Heating & AC	how do I open the downstairs AC zone? Went away on vacation and now only upstairs on. Went away for few days. Returned and now 
Heating & AC	What causes a compressor to run backwards on a outside condensor unit model fmb1024. Outside cond. Unit making a loud buzzing n
Heating & AC	air conditioner blower not working. I just replaced the capacitor and thermostat for my 2nd floor air conditioner less than 2 m
Heating & AC	New A/C has strong odor. I have the Dirty Sock Syndrome with a brand new A/C unit. Live in Florida. Go from heat to a/c and the
Heating & AC	apartment rooftop air conditioner shuts off after 3 hours. our apartment air turns off after 3 hours when it is supposed to sta
Heating & AC	Low Battery message on Maple/Chase Thermostat. I had a low battery message flashing on my Maple/Chase 0960T-1 programmable th
Heating & AC	Hvac contact. Does the contact not working properly but still engaging cause the outside fan motor not to work? Both fan motor 
Heating & AC	My furnace has a flashing red light and its blowing cold air why. My family and i just bought a mobile home and furnace has a f
Heating & AC	blower motor noise. I have a Rheem 3 ton air handler (Model RHSA-4221-JA) with a 1/2 hp blower motor. the unit is 4years and 10
Heating & AC	Miller Furnace Out Of Fuel Bled Lines HELP. have old miller furnace, ran out of fuel, got fuel and bled lines 3 times, now unit
Heating & AC	furnace fan won't start. The fan wasn't starting in the auto position. I set it to on and worked till the A/C reached the cool 
Heating & AC	Bryant gas pack works in cooling mode but doesn't work in heating mode?. Pretty much what the title states, I have a Bryant gas
Heating & AC	Home central air blower fan not working. Home central air blower fan not working.
Heating & AC	Radiant baseboard heating. I need help regarding my 50 yo house I just bought. l replaced a mechanical thermostat upstairs with
Heating & AC	Condenser Fan Motor Old 3-wire to New 4-wire Help Needed. Hello, I have an A.O. Smith Condenser Motor and  told this was the co
Heating & AC	heating & air. I change a capacitor on my ac unit neither the fan or the compressor will start
Heating & AC	3 wire Thermostate install. white black red. We purchased a older home with boiler heat. There old thermostat was not connected
Heating & AC	coleman evcon HEAT PUMP  trouble codes. Replaced timer relay ran good for days now reset the outside unit fan runs two min. And
Heating & AC	Hunter thermostat. I have  a hunter heat & cool thermostat I have green ,yellow ,white red and a blue wire system worked fine a
Heating & AC	cool on blinking. The fan comes on barely blows but thermostat wont kick on/off
Heating & AC	blower motor not coming on in a/c or heat mode on heat pump 13 seer ( total electric). Unit was working earlier in the day,coil
Heating & AC	AC Capacitors. How often should you have to replace a capacitor ?
Heating & AC	Ashley F8200 Wood Furnace. Does anyone know the BTU output for an Ashley F8200 wood furnace?
Heating & AC	radiant floor heating air bleeding. how do i bleed the system?
Heating & AC	weathermaster 8000. code 12 on my weathermaster 8000 furnace said (R-W closed) what is R-W
Heating & AC	heat pump will not cool. Bought new air condition unit Sept. 2012 for central air all electric home that is ten years old. Air 
Heating & AC	Bryant Evolution Thermostat period off by 1 degree. I set my AC period for a temperature, but when it operates, it shows it as 
Heating & AC	capaciter for allegiance 12. I turned on my American Standard Unit - Allegiance 12 (1994) modal #7A2024A and it did not make co
Heating & AC	4-Wire thermostat installation. Red, White, Blue, Green. I am installing a Lux TX9000TS digital thermostat.  The wires I have a
Heating & AC	why is the blower fan only rockin back and forth. Yesterday discovered that the fan blower on our ac was not blowing. Went outs
Heating & AC	central air conditioner start capacitor BLOWN UP. For the first time yesterday my central air unit tripped its breaker.  I turn
Heating & AC	*PLEASE READ* Heating & Air Conditioning FAQ from HVAC1000. Please read the following FAQ from HVAC1000 for important FAQ and i
Heating & AC	Reduced Airflow. My central AC unit has reduced airflow and I need to fix it. Blower is in the atic and the condensor is outsid
Heating & AC	Chrontherm IV appears to not work.  System shows heat, heat icon is on, system auto. Chronotherm !V issue?  System set for he
Heating & AC	why are steam boilers used in applications requiring a large heating capacity. why are steam boilers used in applications requi
Heating & AC	Intertherm mobile home unit.. Blower shuts off but heat coil does not.
Heating & AC	70% Humidity in Office. I work in an office with about 50 people. The air conditioning system was replaced last year and there 
Heating & AC	Pilot light won't stay lit. I have Airtemp, model # 4208-10.  In following the instructions, you light the pilot light, hold it
Heating & AC	Carrier furnace won't kick back in after cool down, only one heat cycle. I've got an older Carrier Weathermaker SX; 58sxa080 se
Heating & AC	should i open my upstairs windows to help cool downstairs?. shoul i open unused upstairs windows to help air conditioning cool 
Heating & AC	Pipes clicking in bathroom, have tried everything!. Hi, I live in a ground floor flat in a converted house. Whenever upstairs u
Heating & AC	what is the resistance of the coil of a current start relays (CSR)?. This is for school
Heating & AC	Cost of a 3.5 ton compressor. My air conditionaing unit booklet includes three different reference numbers.  They are as follow
Heating & AC	Hvac. I have a TRANE rooftop .. ycd150c3loba .. all paperwork and schem. have weather worn off .. test mode works. everything c
Heating & AC	How to change electric heat to a gas heating system?. How do you change electric heat to a gas heating system for the house?  H
Heating & AC	HVAC wiring for motor and condenser. I recently replaced my AC condenser fan motor and capacitor the new motor this is a 1/4 HP
Heating & AC	about outside AC unit. Ac fan is working and also the heat, but when i turn on cool in some reason it is not working! I check o
Heating & AC	why did plumber seal doors on my super stanley after installing oil burner. After getting oil burner installed in super stanley
Heating & AC	my hvac that when on heat it just blow cold air and not hot air. what can be the prob. my hvac that when on heat it just blow c
Heating & AC	Hqco. HQCO Gas heater forced air is there a thermal switch that needs to be hot before the gas for burners get gas to ignite li
Heating & AC	Boiler Leak. Hi I have a ferroli Modena 80e boiler & underneath the pipe on the left (radiator pipe I think) is leaking where t
Heating & AC	unit is hvac Luxaire, model # G8T11516UHC11B. unit is hvac Luxaire, model # G8T11516UHC11B  for the past two weeks the unit was
Heating & AC	Zoned heating system problem. We built our home here in the mountains of Colorado a number of years ago. We (I) installed a Cro
Heating & AC	hot water registers. hello, i have a hot water furnace that heats my tap water and house, and i replaced my heater covers with 
Heating & AC	2ton condenser with 3ton evaporator without txv. I have a 2 ton outside condenser with a 3 ton evaporator coil - goodman units.
Heating & AC	furnance will not start up. help bryant furnance 80 series 395cav042091 red light flashs 4 short the pause and 2 more times, i 
Heating & AC	Protect oil in home heating oil tank. We recently installed a Pellet Furnace and will now only use our oil furnace as  backup. 
Heating & AC	trane thermostat weathertron to honeywell rht7400d wiring. I see this question asked several times but no answer.  Please help 
Heating & AC	york-tstat    mdl.t874r1046. using a york mdl t874r1046  on a new pkg.heatpump  wiring c  wh1   r  y  o g        how do i hook 
Heating & AC	trane xr80. the led is continuesly flashing.   It says under the codes,  normal call for heat.  I have flipped the breaker, and
Heating & AC	Thermostat for AC and Heating. I am looking for a new thermostat for my AC and Heating and I have replaced mine 3 times now and
Heating & AC	Air Conditioning Assistance   NORDYNE AIR COND UNIT. Theres a brown wire coming out of unit outside my weedeater caught it and 
Heating & AC	international gas1155 heater. blower wont turn off constantly runs
Heating & AC	furnace motor. Hi, My furnace blower motor is intermittent. The blades spin freely. When I switch the furnace to manual the mot
Heating & AC	Fan Switch # 626337B. In my Liberty doublewide mobile , I have an Intertherm LP furnace and an after-market Unitary Products Gr
Heating & AC	Blower fan does not always come on. Hello,  The blower on my furnace doesn't always start.  After the burners run for several s
Heating & AC	Non functioning heat in a Nordyne GB5BM. If water leakage from a condensation line causes the heat to not run but the A/C still
Heating & AC	honeywell programmable thermostat questions. Honeywell 7-day programmable thermostat, Model RTH7600D.  What are installation in
Heating & AC	miller oil furnace wiring. I have a miller oil furnace in my mobile home that stopped working.I repaced the transformer,2 wire 
Heating & AC	What Brand and SEER rating of Split AC System to buy in Florida.. We are planning on building a new house in Cape Coral, Florid
Heating & AC	hvac thermostat dead. Woke up to a dead LED thermostat.  Venstar 1800 running a split system with external compressor and attic
Heating & AC	Replace metal air-cleaner filters with paper?. Can I replace the two (2) metal wire pre-filters that came with my Protech 84-25
Heating & AC	my split air conditioner is not cooling my room. my split system is not cooling my room. I dont know much abt this. I fan outsi
Heating & AC	how do i check the blower motor on my rheem rqpm-a030jk. how do i check the blower motor on my rheem rqpm-a030jk
Heating & AC	Compressor won't run on my Payne. My fan on my out side unit run and I can hear the compressor try to kick on for about 3 sec t
Heating & AC	York high efficiency heat pump question. Don't know if anyone can answer this for me - I'm a frustrated renter who's looking fo
Heating & AC	furnace blower noise. Furnace blower making consistent loud humming noise.  My furnace is a single speed unit, I manually chang
Heating & AC	Carrier Weathermaker 8000 trouble codes?. Can anyone tell me where I can find a list of troubld codes for my Carrier Weathermak
Heating & AC	fan limit switch. replaced  blower motor last winter now with AC needed blower volume is weak!  direct drive blower & wired rig
Heating & AC	central heat blowing air but central air is not. Hello,  My central heat is blowing air through the vents fine but my central a
Heating & AC	Why does my transformer keep blowing on my Furnace when I turn the A/C on. I replace my nordyne control board on my furnace bec
Heating & AC	contactor. Make:carrier Model; 38ad016600  I need to a find a  3 pole contactor Old contactor label was missing  If someone kno
Heating & AC	honeywell rth2300 ac 3 wire site:www.askmehelpdesk.com. RTh 2300 thermostat rd , gree, white coming from wall. hooked up fan on
Heating & AC	Carrier heat pump, outdoor unit fan will not rotate and hum comes from compressor(?).. HI,  This relates to the outside carrier
Heating & AC	Honeywell thermostat wires E, O, & C no place for them. Need to know if these wires need to be used
Heating & AC	york stellar furnace. My furnace tries till ignite but won't. Then I can smell a hint of gas. I can turn my fan on my thermosta
Heating & AC	changed the batteries in my thermostat and now it doesn't work. I changed the batteries in my thermostat and now it has no powe
Heating & AC	Central ac not cooling home. We have a central ac unit that runs constantly not keeping house cool.  We just replaced evaporato
Heating & AC	HVAC Blower will not turn off. Greetings:     I have an old (24yr) Carrier unit  (Product 58GP05-CA / Model 100 / Series 1188A0
Heating & AC	Taco 571 zone valve stays open w/ no t-stat wires connected til term 1 wire is discon. I have 3-zone heating (w/ Taco 571 zone 
Heating & AC	beckett agw trouble. What if the pump runs, for a bit but it wont fire
Heating & AC	Hi, Luxaire unit with an F6 fault, what is this? I am a refrigeration engineer lookin. Hi, Luxaire unit with an F6 fault, what 
Heating & AC	can i oil my intertherm  blower motor 2002 e2eb 015ha. can i oil my intertherm  blower motor 2002 e2eb 015ha
Heating & AC	hvac. Trane xv 90 end 2 burners not igniting
Heating & AC	coleman electric furnace troubleshooting. I have an older coleman electric furnace (not heat pump) with a york a/c unit attache
Heating & AC	York GY9S 10 red flashes. Wondering what are some common things that could cause my gas valve to be energized without call for 
Heating & AC	i need a manual for 2002 intertherm  e2eb 015ha. can i oil my intertherm  blower motor 2002 e2eb 015ha
Heating & AC	day and night plus 80 furnace 33 / 12 Code. My furnace ignites, heats for a couple minutes, the blower does not come on, it shu
Heating & AC	Bryant Plus 80 gas furnace won't ignite burners. I own a Bryant Plus 80 gas furnace. The fan will run if I set the thermostat t
Heating & AC	programmable thermostats. Which programmable thermostats work with Nordyne cmf2 80 pg
Heating & AC	when working on a furnaceyou find you have no 24 v what would you do. when working on a furnace you find you dont have 24v  wha
Heating & AC	thermostat wiring /4 wire for Nordyne heat air model GB5BM-T25K-A. just installed a new nordyne heat air unit in a mobile home 
Heating & AC	Continuously Running Furnace Fan. My fan run continuously, with no flame going. I have cut power to the furnace for 30 minutes,
Heating & AC	Search Dynavent Gas Furnace. Where can I find a dealer to sell me a Dynavent Gas Furnace, Model DNV25GS?
Heating & AC	why won't standing pilot stay lit?. furnace stopped working, pilot out, would not stay lit.   First - replaced thermocouple, st
Heating & AC	oil furnace is blowing.cold air. I just moved into a moble home and i turned the furnace on and it was working fine. But when i
Heating & AC	Maple chase 9620 thermostat. How do you change from Celsius to fahrenheit.
Heating & AC	Electric Furnace Lennox. I just purchase freedom air electric furnace model # ahxw 3360001 serial # vo8191730 b  problem there 
Heating & AC	New AC Fan Motor. My AC fan motor went out so I replaced it.  The old motor connected with red, black, and brown.  These all ma
Heating & AC	ASYSTAT655A to honeywell rth6350. wiring question: Here's what I've concluded...but what do I to with the old brown wire connec
Heating & AC	xvaq64-4 clare furnace. It is the plenum coil can it be seal or doe's it have to be replaced and where can I get one and how mu
Heating & AC	trane xb  igniter intermittently lights. Recently came home to find a cold house and the furnace was running and blowing cold a
Heating & AC	Cold air return. I live in a 830 sq ft bungalo home we have a newer furnace . But our old furnace required a large 16x24 cold a
Heating & AC	baseboard. How can I attach baseboard to an old block wall
Heating & AC	Boiler Trouble,please Help. Hi we moved into our house last year knowing our boiler was quite old but not having the money to r
Heating & AC	Faulty Gas Appliances Warning.. From http://www.dmu.ac.uk/study/student_s...afety_home.jsp   The site is for students, but the 
Heating & AC	Air handler motor running noisy after replacing run capacitor. Hi,  My air handler motor stopped working at home. I called a te
Heating & AC	ac plug gets hot. hello, I have a 110v ac unit that the plug was getting hot.I thought it was bad wire so I replaced it with 12
Heating & AC	trane air handler wont run not the module. trane air handler ecm motor wont run. new module new control board. motor just rocks
Heating & AC	AC turns off-partial power loss in house- turn ac on-power is restored. I have a dual zone ad system in my house. It never had 
Heating & AC	Armstrong Air Ultra 80 Fuel Oil Heating Furnace. Tried starting my furnace and all I am getting is a humming noise coming from 
Heating & AC	water heater pilot problems. Thake you   i been trying to light my water heater which i turned off 5 years ago. i can get the p
Heating & AC	honeywell fan limit switch L4064A 1347 5. I'm trying to locate a Honeywell Fan Limit Switch Part No L4064A 1347 5, 8 in length
Heating & AC	Furnace Fan Timer. I'm having this problem:  The furnace (HEIL 5000) start fine but not the fan. After 3 minutes heating the un
Heating & AC	Walk-in cooler. I have a walk in cooler charged with 404a with a tev and has a Copeland scroll compressor .noticed system kept 
Heating & AC	Room AC & cold air duct.. Should I cover my cold air duct for the summer to keep the cool air from my window A.C. in? Just thin
Heating & AC	Water leaking on floor from A-Coil. (8-24-11) I had water leaking on my floor from my Evap. Coil unit, the HVAC Company repaire
Heating & AC	cal spa heat exchange troubleshooting. worked fine, no problems. Now all of a sudden not heating water at all. Is there a fuse 
Heating & AC	furnace blows cold air. blows heat fine until it reaches temperature its set at, then shuts off but fan blows cold air constant
Heating & AC	Using Manual D when finishing a basement?. Hello - I am finishing my basement in the Chicago area and doing the new ductwork my
Heating & AC	Error Codes for a Carrier Weathermaker 8000. Can I find the error codes to my furnace online? I have a Carrier Weathermaker 800
Heating & AC	ao smith motors wiring diagram. I purchaced a ao smith motor for my Lennox ac unit. Model number 13acd-048-230 serial numbr 580
Heating & AC	replacing t874c1018 with th4210d1005 thermostat. I have a standard 2 stage gas heater and single stage electric cooling system.
Heating & AC	Smell of electric burning. Sitting watching television at about 11pm with the sliding glass doors open. I heard a noise  outsid
Heating & AC	home air conditioner york. york home air conditioner error f6
Heating & AC	luxaire. We have a Luxaire Heat pump/air conditioning unit model LHJA12FS-AAA   3.5KW unfornately the remote has been lost and 
Heating & AC	A/C tonnage needed for 1428 sq ft home. Single story never had central heat/air  Gonna need everything duct to thermostat
Heating & AC	Black soot. Can candles cause black soot to come out of the air vents?
Heating & AC	hvac. My blower run continue even I trun off the system at the thermalstate.  My blower use a relsy not contral broarf. My blow
Heating & AC	heat pump  ac doesnt NOT COOLOING. I have a 5 yr old lennox Merit series heat pump and the ac has stopped cooling the house. th
Heating & AC	Do I have a single or multi stage heat pump/cooling?. I just purchased a Ecobee Smart thermostat and I am going to attempt to i
Heating & AC	air conditioner compressor buzzing when air conditioner not running. outside unit making low constant hum noise, can be heard  
Heating & AC	WeilMclain Ultra. On a WeilMclain Ultra, before the gas valve opens, the fan? must close
Heating & AC	Honeywell Pro Th 4110 thermostat -- AUTO DOES NOT WORK. I live in an apartment with a really terrible thermostat. Why is it ter
Heating & AC	second floor gets really hot.. This is a bit lengthy but bear with me.  We bought a two level home with a finished basement. Al
Heating & AC	beckett hot water heater will not reset. I have a Beckett burner that will not start. I replaced the burner nozzle and when tha
Heating & AC	AC fan motor is intermittent, after replacing the motor. pls help. My AC fan blower went bad on me and I replaced the fan motor
Heating & AC	Coleman Mobile Home Furnace. yes I hope someone can answer my question, I recently contacted with a contractor for a new Colema
Heating & AC	My outside condenser and a cooler were stolen. How can I get emergency heat back?. My inside Fram cooling, and outside condense
Heating & AC	Nothing is running but the thermostat. Last nite the units shut down.  Nothing is running.  I have reset the thermostat (White 
Heating & AC	air conditioner help. Inside part of ac unit is filling up with water and also filling up the catch pan. I have already cleaned
Heating & AC	Cummins central air unit. I have a Coleman central air unit that just stopped working we change the motor on the fan change the
Heating & AC	thermostat temp. My thermostat temp is set at 84 but it goes up to 86 and the aux symbol turns on..does this mean anything..
Heating & AC	My 2001 dodge ram v6 is overheating. I replaced the radiator, t-stat and waterpump.. I have a 01 Dodge Ram 1500 with a 3.9L V6 
Heating & AC	model:FAN-HDserial no.11314. The ceiling fan is more than 15 years old but was running perfectly until the remote became sluggi
Heating & AC	there is no power to the thermostat on my payne ac unit. there is no power to the thermostat on the payne ac unit and the compr
Heating & AC	Help! Blower motor wiring - 6 colors - no black or white!. Help! Blower motor wiring - 6 colors - no black or white! no diagram
Heating & AC	Trying to make sure I'm not getting ripped off.. After two days away, we came home to a hot house and noisy AC.  Called around.
Heating & AC	bryant heat pump wiring. Bryant Heat Pump Mod # 652AJ024-C  Serial # 2703E02983  Indoor fan not working in fan on mode  auto mo
Heating & AC	Furnace cycles once every time it goes into heat mode. Does anyone know why my Furnace would cycle one time every time there is
Heating & AC	Taco zone valve 571-2. Water flow not like the arrow in the valve's body.. I had a Taco zone valve 571-2 installed recently.  L
Heating & AC	air condition problems. greetings my name is andre im from lebano beirut, i start renovating my new apartment 3 years ago , and
Heating & AC	What could cause a natural gas smell inside when we open the doors and windows?. We recently built a house and have been living
Heating & AC	Cover the hole from our humidifier. My boyfriend took out our humidifier and decided to cover the hole in the furnace duct with
Heating & AC	I am getting an abnormal flame proving signal.. I am getting an abnormal flame proving signal (code 22) on a Carrier 8000 two s
Heating & AC	Baseboard Heaters making clicking/tinking noises. Hello,  I've recently purchased a new home and with the cooler weather approa
Heating & AC	Condensor fan. 2 ton only 3 wires I replaced cap exactly the way it should yet the motor is going backwards. Motor is bad right
Heating & AC	2nd Zone with 1 Unit Thermostat connection. Hello,  We had our HVAC system installed by people that are no longer available for
Heating & AC	Wiring problem. Have a coleman dgato070bbdc furnace, I replaced the blower fab but friend unhooked the  wiring and noww I dont 
Heating & AC	Heat Pump Wiring from trane to honeywell. thermostat from trane to Honeywell change out diagram
Heating & AC	can a vacuum pump be used as a recover machine?. can a vacuum pump be used as a recover machine ?
Heating & AC	heat pump stuck in heat mode. I try to switch heat and cool on the thersmostat but still in heat mode
Heating & AC	Wiring diagram for rudd. Looking for wiring diagram for rudd gas furnace.  Model # starts with UGLE
Heating & AC	Troubleshooting a Intertherm Furnace?. On the hot serface ignition down by where the wires go in there is a flashing red light 
Heating & AC	Reconverting Coleman G8C furnace. I need to reconvert a Coleman G8C furnace from Propane to NG - I can not find what part numbe
Heating & AC	my ac thermostat will not work in auto mode. For my air conditioning, my programable Honeywell chronotherm III will not work in
Heating & AC	compressor comes on air handler does not. mouse chewed through the wires from the thermostat to the compressor. When I reattach
Heating & AC	How do I know if the capacitor on my inside air handling unit really needs replacing?. We have a second house in Nashville wher
Heating & AC	Repairing York Diamond 80 - Rusted from Condensation. Last Year the Heating/Air Conditioning Unit had a leak in it.  The leak w
Heating & AC	Evcon Furnace 3 Flashes Combustion Air Switch Failed to Close. How Do I Repair It?. Evcon Central Furnace fault light flashes 3
Heating & AC	amana 90 furnace hums won't start. My 15 years old Amana 90 furnace hums when thermostat is on heat, but won't start. Blower (f
Heating & AC	I have a lennox pulse 90 furnace gsr14q3-80 furnace and when I turn the air condition. I have a lennox pulse furnace model no. 
Heating & AC	Ducane heater not working. Hi  My heat has worked all winter, this morning it was a little cool in the house..' The heat is not
Heating & AC	thermostat wire blue and yellow wire. I switched from an old mercury thermostat to a new programmable thermostat and found a bl
Heating & AC	Split a/c unit not working. My nordynegibson a/c unit just quit working, one minute blower was on next nothing and condenser ou
Heating & AC	What other brand of condensing unit can i replace my lennox mn hp29-311-1p with.. We have had nothing but problems with the len
Heating & AC	leaking water heater valve. The presure relief valve started leaking on our water heater after seven years.  I replaced the val
Heating & AC	Heat pump transformer. Where is the transformer and what does it look like and how can I tell if it is bad?
Heating & AC	AC Not Cooling. I bought a Honeywell theromstat RTH2300B I forgot to tag the wires, I connected it Green-G,Blue-Y,White-W, Y-R,
Heating & AC	wiring diagram kenmore central air unit. have a kenmore 769811161 took out the fan motor but can rem were the wires go.  Emerso
Heating & AC	free advice on hvac units. My outside unit quit working, I bought new fuses and put a new thermostat in, but it still dont work
Heating & AC	Thermostat wiring & setting - green wire connected to O.. Hi. We have two ground central air conditioning units.  Our electri
Heating & AC	Potterton kingfisher bhlx0290k4. Which terminals should i connect a  frost stat
Heating & AC	Swamp Cooler Motor/Switch wiring diagram. The switch to my evaporative cooler quit working and I purchased a different type swi
Heating & AC	Furnace blower can not auto start. I have a problem with my furnace blower not starting automatically. It works good when I swi
Heating & AC	Trane HE1100 weathertron. My outside unit fan (on top) runs constantly.  The only way it shuts off is when turned off from the 
Heating & AC	Compressor icing up. My compressor sometimes ices up when the heat runs.  Sometimes just on top of the unit, sometimes the coil
Heating & AC	white rodgers problem. I have a white Rodgers 50a50-405 with a constanly flashing led  no blower operation anybody have any ans
Heating & AC	New ac unit runs through furnace. I have a fairly new ac unit with my new mobile home an tonight I noticed the fan will not shu
Heating & AC	goodman furnace problems. I have a goodman furnance but I seem to have misplaced the tag that was inside the furnance letting m
Heating & AC	White Rodgers Thermostat. changed battreries - cant get cool to work!
Heating & AC	wire. I am replacing a thermstat and forgot to mark the wires i have two wires and i have air and heat how do i find out wat th
Heating & AC	replacing condenser fan motor.. How do I replace a four wire , brown, blue, black, And red emerson condenser fan motor model  N
Heating & AC	Outdoor ac fan won't shut off when main unit does.. Hello, I have a Coleman Presidential II gas furnace/Air Conditioning and wh
Heating & AC	Need fan motor. I have a Allegiance 12. And I need a fan motor. Model no 7A2036A100A2 Serial no. P2732SWCF
Heating & AC	how do you remove  cover of Trane Thermostat. how do you remove the front cover of a Trane thermostat, pry off ,pulloff,push bu
Heating & AC	Can I remove a split system?. Hi,  I'm going to renovate my loungeroom which has a split-system air con/heating attached to the
Heating & AC	bacd-024-230-01 lennox. repair man said my compressor is out on my bacd-024-230-01 central air unit.total bill is allmost $1400
Heating & AC	Sizing issue. Hi,   I need to get a portable air condition for my ground level apartment, but am having trouble figuring out wh
Heating & AC	Blower fan turns off in AC mode but works otherwise?. I have an odd problem that I can't seem to find an answer for.  I attempt
Heating & AC	is a lennox hs-651-u-6p a residential unit. is a lennox hs-651-u-6p a residential unit or commercial
Heating & AC	york e1hb wiring diagram. I need the wiring diagram for a E1HB024 the one on the unit is too faded to read.  thanks
Heating & AC	A/C Coil Cost. Have a home warranty that covers A/C.  They will pay to replace the coil but tell me I will need to pay 95.00 fo
Heating & AC	can we use trane xr90 for heat and air at the same time. during summer the air conditioning system pump air in the above floor 
Heating & AC	Rheem blower Moyer. I have a rheem rrpl-b036jk10e package unit. The blower Moter will only come on for a couple seconds and wil
Heating & AC	humming noise coming from house. My wife and I have noticed a humming noise coming from our home. We have noticed the noise lou
Heating & AC	fan not working. My fan outside and compressor is not work on my AC
Heating & AC	Free hvac advice. I have a rent house with 2 air conditioning units - 1 upstairs and 1 downstairs.The down stairs unit was not 
Heating & AC	new fan has 5 wires..where do they go?. I'm hooking up a new fan and the old one only had 3 wires the new one has 5. Red, yello
Heating & AC	Modify damper. I have a Victor Woodburnng indoor furnace model 27-36 with a Honeywell damper model M836. The damper does not wo
Heating & AC	carrier 48gs furnace won't shut off. Replaced batteries in thermostat.  Thermostat appears to switch off when temp is reached, 
Heating & AC	Heater doesn't turn off. When I turn the heater on I hear the fan on high speed but when I turn the t stat off heater runs on s
Heating & AC	size of bare copper wire to bond cold water and gas for 125amp panel. Residential. size of bare copper wire to bond cold water 
Heating & AC	charging of a new dry condenser unit with 422d. can i charge a new unit with 422d or not??
Heating & AC	What size compressor should I go with. I have a 54000 btu r-22 evaporator on a 95% high efficiency furnace.  The furnace instru
Heating & AC	Hiel 7000 not heating. My hiel 7000 will not heat. No flame. Blower works fine. Blower will not shut off when thermostst is set
Heating & AC	whalen heat pump. whalen heat pump. Was working fine, but I decided to install new honeywell RTH7500D thermostat. Connected wir
Heating & AC	amana ac compressor. I have an amana ac that keeps tripping the breaker in the panel when you try to turn it on.  Model number 
Heating & AC	The heater stays on in my apt. The heater in my apartment stays on if I turn up the temp for it to turn on it will and the fan 
Heating & AC	Honeywell RLV430 installation. Ok, this is similar yet different to a previous topic.  I'm trying to install the Honeywell RLV4
Heating & AC	r-410a replacing r-22. What are the considerations when replacing r-22 HVAC system with a r-410a HVAC system?
Heating & AC	Carrier Furnace Problems. I have a model 394GAW036100, the blower blows constantly, and the furnace won't light, nothing wrong 
Heating & AC	Florida Heat Pump shuts down. Am having a problem with our Florida Heat Pump. The heat cycle shuts down after about 90 seconds.
Heating & AC	Will a tankless water heater work for hydro-air in cold climates?. We were told the water is too cold for efficient heating and
Heating & AC	i have a newly installed 13 seer ruud heat pump that huruud heat pump troubleshooting. I have a newly installed ruud 13 seer he
Heating & AC	the contactor on my carrier heat pump sometimes do not stay close it opens and closes. the contactor closes and opens very rapi
Heating & AC	3 amp fuse blows on furnace/central air panel. When I turn on my Central Air, I blow a 3amp fuse on my central air/furnace pane
Heating & AC	heat pump operation. It's 116 deg outside at 3:00 PM...My thermostat is set at 79 deg and my Heat Pump   has been running CONST
Heating & AC	Air Conditioning Assistance  I have a NORDYNE AC  UNIT 3 TONS. I was weedeating and there was a brown wire cuming out of unit i
Heating & AC	which brand of furnace?. Hi guys.  Just wondering what brand of high eff 95+ forced air gas units you are using these days.  As
Heating & AC	goodman 3 wire to 3 wire condenser unit. i have a phkj060-if model goodman ac - I bought a new fan motor and the wires are blac
Heating & AC	williamson temp o matic model 1117 10 5. where can i buy a blower for my williamson temp o matic 1117 10 5????
Heating & AC	White rodgers 50a50 indicator light unlit. My furnace was working fine until an event.  The event was that the thermostat got s
Heating & AC	Furnace model Rheem RGFD-09EZCMB. Furnace model Rheem RGFD-09EZCMB (installed 2001)  2010 - noticed code 66 flashing intermit
Heating & AC	water heater pilot light doesn't stay lit. recently installed swamp cooler in my mobile home and now my pilot light will not st
Heating & AC	Freon capacity. How many pounds of freon does it take to charge a 3 ton unit? Thanks, Don
Heating & AC	Hillbilly home owner. Bryant model 350MAV connected to bryant heat pump.  Fan is no longer running though outside AC unit opera
Heating & AC	hot water registers. i need to know before this monday coming up if hot water registers will burn my child if he would touch it
Heating & AC	the heat goes on when I turn on the AC?  Can I turn of gas valve (Honewell)?. When the thermostat goes on it is now turning on 
Heating & AC	power at disconnect. i have no power at the disconnect. i have checked voltage at the breaker, and it is good. i checked the di
Heating & AC	what happens if the battery dies on a home thermostat?. The battery reading low.
Heating & AC	heat and ac thermostat not working properly. The thermostat will actually move up , it will go to 77, 78, 79, (I have checked t
Heating & AC	PTAC Unit Not Working Well; Please Help. Hello. I live in a high rise in NYC and my apartment building uses PTAC air conditioni
Heating & AC	white rodgers 50a50-241 led dead...no light on led, nothing works. is led light supposed to stay on all the time? mine comes on
Heating & AC	a humid 112. 3 yrs ago had refubished ac unit installed . It has maybe 30 hours on it. I use a swamp cooler(window). Now it's b
Heating & AC	13 seer vs 16 seer coil. I just got a new 16 SEER A/C unit and I'm being told I can not use the 13 SEER A coil I also purchased
Heating & AC	Lennox, built in 1988. lennox built in 1988, buzzing, fan not turning on top, fan inside blowing but air not really cooling, ch
Heating & AC	outside condenser fan and compressor will not come on. The ac unit was installed last july,it worked great when we really neede
Heating & AC	wires on comp.. trying to wire up m ac comp. wiring diag. shows black, brown, red, yellow, comp. as white, yellow and gray whic
Heating & AC	Coleman ac. Got a coleman furnace/ac presidential 2 and when u flip the switch on the unit to cooling it automatically turns co
Heating & AC	Is this safe?. I have a 22-year-old central air unit in my home.  I'm running the fan 24/7 because my dog has COPD.  (Use top o
Heating & AC	My R-410 system is reading 400 on high side and 133 on the low side.  Problem?. My R-410 system is reading 400 on the high side
Heating & AC	How to tell if AC start relay is bad?. Our central ac unit is blowing air, but the motor is not kicking on.  The start relay cl
Heating & AC	munchkin boiler leak. I have a munchkin boiler with two of the sensors on the top left of the unit (cover removed) that have be
Heating & AC	window unit. my window unit runs for about 20 minutes and cut off
Heating & AC	York Furnace Fault Codes. I have a York YP9C modulating furnace and matching York Affinity 8T 4 ton 2-stage condensing unit.  T
Heating & AC	removing radiator. I need to remove a radiator in our toilet to plaster behind it I no the process in removing radiator but whe
Heating & AC	Install Honeywell Thermostat. I'm installing a Heat Pump RTH3100C non-prog. thermo. replacing a T8411R, with letters G, C, R,
Heating & AC	york heat pump. I am getting ready to purchase a heat pump brand name: York  I am not familiar with this product and was checki
Heating & AC	Musty smell from new trane ac/heat pump not constant. Hi,  We had a new trane 5 ton two compressor ac/heat pump installed last 
Heating & AC	blower motor won't stay going. I replaced the capacitor and blower fan started to run for about 15 min then stopped and made a 
Heating & AC	Which wires match my old a/c motor?. My old motor was a GE 1075rpm, 1/6hp, model P870S My 3 wires are black, brown, purple. My 
Heating & AC	heat and air. The fan on the outsde air handler is not coming on any suggestions on what to do first to troubleshoot?
Heating & AC	A/C condenser fan stops after a few minutes. Replaced the condenser fan motor, and both capacitors. Unit will run for a few min
Heating & AC	underwater. My Basement flooded and partially submerged my Goodman Furnace.  It has been about three weeks since the flood, and
Heating & AC	a/c stuck. The thermostat stays stuck at 76, even after lowering the temperature. The a/c doesn't blow a lot of cold air, but s
Heating & AC	I thought I could use range for cooking after installing oil burner. Doors and lid on my super stanley sealed thought I could s
Heating & AC	Capacitor  installation. I have a 3 plug for wires on capacitors ,run ,c,hemm
Heating & AC	Both Heating and A/C not working...but fan mode does... Hi,  I live in a loft where the HVAC unit is on top of the roof.  One d
Heating & AC	Finding a proper replacement draft inducer blower. I have a GE gas water heater model# GG40T06PVJ (40,000 BTUX) with a Fasco dr
Heating & AC	payne 394gaw furnace - main gas starts/stops/starts/stops. I have a Payne 394gaw furnace.  The house thermostat calls for heat,
Heating & AC	how do you adjust the internal evaporation pan on the A coil inside the unit. the internal pan attached to the A-coil on my car
Heating & AC	York a/c unit won't heat. The blower will not come on when I turn on the heat and the heat sensor keeps tripping the relay swit
Heating & AC	day and night house heater  modal 80cu-12b pilot is on but the burner wont light up. my question is when I turn the heater on t
Heating & AC	York indoor blower motor. In trying to wire in a single phase 230v 3 speed motor with the 3 speeds being black-hi, blue-med and
Heating & AC	wiring thermostat at the furnace end. Recently installed a Honeywell Thermostat.  Heat has worked great.  Now that it is warmin
Heating & AC	pellet stoves. how to hookup one thermostat to furnace and pellet stove
Heating & AC	AC Blower Motor Runs Constantly and Smell Burned Electrical. Hello, first off I think I have a forced air heating/AC unit mount
Heating & AC	Pilot Light on Vanguard Gas wall heater. I am unable to get the pilot light to light. I cheked and there is sufficient gas in t
Heating & AC	honeywell chronotherm iv plus manual. how do you turn the fan off
Heating & AC	Trouble shooting york heatingair unit. My heat unit will not kick on but my a\c will.  The red light on my circuit board flashe
Heating & AC	luxaire heat pump  sales and servicing nz. I have 2 older  Luxaire heatpumps  which only had limited use. I  now like to reinst
Heating & AC	why does my condensing unit outside shut off after 10 seconds. when I turn down the thermostat the condenser turns on then shut
Heating & AC	gas valve cross reference chart. where can i find a cross-reference chart for a B57RBA601 valve
Heating & AC	thermostat problem. I have an older model Maple Chase thermostat that is battery operated and programmable. I made the mistake 
Heating & AC	my blower motor reads its good. it would have to be the compacitor then?. The central air blower quit blowing. don't want to sp
Heating & AC	how to monitor temperature of an incubator using c++. A c++ program to monitor the temperature and humidity of an egg incubator
Heating & AC	red t products furnace. Red Light Blinking on Furnace Blend Air  The red light blinks and the alarm sounds on the blend air in 
Heating & AC	What is the average cost to replace the refrigerant orifice in a heat pump system?. 1) Reclaim existing refrigerant (4.5lbs) 2)
Heating & AC	110 volt window ac unit. what size circuit do I need to feed a 110 v window ac unit?
Heating & AC	braeburn 1200 thermostat. I reset my thermostat an now its not goin pass 32 what can I do
Heating & AC	Lennox Evaporator Part Number. Where can you find a parts list for a Lennox CB29M-31 air handler? I am needing a new evaporator
Heating & AC	dimplex heaters installation 208v will not turn off why ?. dimplex heaters installation 208v How do you turn it off ?? Linear P
Heating & AC	does multi stage heat pump require multi stage thermostat?. I'm confused, I have two different contractors telling me two diffe
Heating & AC	help  on air conditioning. I bought a split air conditioner the one that have the quick connecters, is it necessary to suck vac
Heating & AC	How to work dehumidifier. I just moved into a new house and the previous owner left his dehumidifier. I have never had to use o
Heating & AC	red light flushing-State Select water heater. I have a State Select water heater PR650 NOVETCGA. The red light on the control p
Heating & AC	Condensate pump question. I'm replacing a Little Giant pump that's wired into my HVAC as well as plugged into an outlet.  Re th
Heating & AC	What do the batteries look like on Honeywell Chronotherm IV Plus Thermostat. My Honeywell Chronotherm IV Plus thermostate isn't
Heating & AC	pipe freezing over. I've narrowed it down to when my system freezes over but don't know why it is doing it. On my thermostat, i
Heating & AC	top tech thermostat problems. I replaced batteries in my thermostat and can't get the air conditioning to come on even after re
Heating & AC	Blank screen on Carrier thermostat. My (Carrier) thermostat was on E3 when I returned from work this afternoon (6 p.m.)   I res
Heating & AC	coleman evcon electric blend air II furnance blower wont turn on. I have a coleman evcon furnance blend air II.  The AC will no
Heating & AC	i have an intertherm air unit and the fan is not turning. i have an intertherm air unit on a 99 mobile home. the fan is not tur
Heating & AC	Roof top A.C. fan not working correctly. I have a York 12 ton AC unit on roof top with 3 condensers in it,1 condenser with 1 fa
Heating & AC	York Ac fan does not run. GE MOTOR 1/4 hp motor Skcp39egp788s Cpn 02423284000o  York E6CM371171  E6CM371171
Heating & AC	maple chase thermostat. after changing batteries, the digital readout says 25--what gives?
Heating & AC	Marine AC problem. I have a self contained 6000 btu marine ac that trips the circuit breaker about 2 seconds after the compress
Heating & AC	Fan Control Center Wiring. I'm trying to make this old Magic Chef furnace work in my garage. I got it and the Fan Control Cente
Heating & AC	AC wire to compressor. I have forced air AC with a condenser outside.  The problem is that I have no power at Y on the control 
Heating & AC	Mixing R22 and $410A refrigerants in A/C unit. Have 9 yr old a/c system using R22 refrigerant.  Evaporator coil needs replacing
Heating & AC	HVAC Troubleshooting Questions. I have a Lennox furnace in my attic with heat pump? outside. My unit seems to be running fine (
Heating & AC	New AC not working like I thought. I had my coil/plenum replaced yesterday and my freon refilled. The brand is Lennox. My house
Heating & AC	no power to the thermostat. I have no power to my thermostat
Heating & AC	5ton goodman ac. can the fan motor overheat and make loud noise after being covered completely with a large tarp for 6hours are
Heating & AC	schematic for a trane furnace blu120E936B1. Put in a a furnace this winter. Its an older TRANE forced air #blu120E936B1. Had to
Heating & AC	Older Coleman Presidential II Electric Furnace problems. I have a Coleman Presidential II 2702B Ida 7441-BM Electric Furnace.  
Heating & AC	loud noise fan to furnace air conditioning unit. I woke up early this morning to a VERY loud noise. The sound was coming from t
Heating & AC	my furnace fan starts, then stops. i put a new blower motor in my furnace the blower comes on the stop what can i do too get to
Heating & AC	water coming out from heater. When it rain's water comes from around the heater vent on to the floor. What do I do to fix this?
Heating & AC	outside air conditioner keeps blowing the breaker. Have a central air unit. We  run the unit for several hours and then the out
Heating & AC	Bryant Furnace Secondary Voltage/Blown 3 amp fuse.. Hi all!  I've been reading the posts regarding fuses blowing in the seconda
Heating & AC	wiring diagram honeywell for mod. CT87. wireing diagram for CT87 thermostat.
Heating & AC	No power to thermostat. I came home had no power to thermostat. Checked the inside unit and found a 5 amp fuse blown, replaced 
Heating & AC	Amana ac unit speeds up before turning off. Dear Sir, I have an Amana Distinction 2.0 Ton heat pump, SEER 14 installed in my de
Heating & AC	I have a bad chemical smell that seems to be coming from the registers in the house.. When it started, no one else smelled it. 
Heating & AC	furnace plb-91454. Furnace tries to fire , fan comes on in combustion chamber , tries to fire and then the 2 green lights on co
Heating & AC	Heat Pump won't turn off. I have a Goodman heat pump that's 5 years old (the original heat pump installed when the home was bui
Heating & AC	GE zoneline 3000. What is the original price for a GE Zoneline 3000 heat pump?
Heating & AC	Air Handler Blowing Warm Air/Outside Unit Humming Only. We came home yesterday to a 90 degree house.  It was 95 degrees here ye
Heating & AC	Troubleshooting rheem blower motor. I have a Rheem air handler. The blower motor won't turn on right away. Massive humming soun
Heating & AC	outside fan is working but need to manually spin blower for it to work. why?. why do i have to manually spin blower in oder for
Heating & AC	Condenser fan motor turned the wrong way after capacitor changeout. I had a dual capacitor for the compressor and condenser fan
Heating & AC	reset switch. trying to locate reset button on an A80uh &80g1uh model I was trying to turn on air unit and in the process the h
Heating & AC	flame starts, but stops quickly. I Have a mid 1990's York furnace.  After turning it on, the gas flame ignites, but 3 or 4 seco
Heating & AC	where can I buy a part for the portable  Noma airconditioner. Canadian Tire doesn't sell this model anymore and I have searched
Heating & AC	Central Air Fan. I recently had trouble starting my central air unit. (Kenmore Model Soft Sound CAC 024AKA1) I replaced the cap
Heating & AC	Blocking up the chimney outlet. Can somebody tell me why my neighbour (not approachable) would have the chimney pot taken from 
Heating & AC	Coleman furnace starts work at 2nd try. At 1st try, the inducer runs, igniter lights, hears gas valve clicking, and ssss sound,
Heating & AC	coleman 7900 series furnace blower on and off all the time. Blower turns on and off after just a short time and repeats many ti
Heating & AC	Can someone tell me where a capacitor wire would go on ac unit?. I am trying a couple of things before I call my HVAC guy. Insi
Heating & AC	rheem furnace blower motor. I had my ac/heater checked because the blower would not come on. the tech said it was the blower be
Heating & AC	How many amps at 14 watt 208/230volt. Duct-less mini split,  indoor unit runs on 208/230 volts. indoor unit pulls 14 watts. wha
Heating & AC	Why is the fan on my central air outside unit not turning and making a clicking sound. I have central heating/air and the fan o
Heating & AC	Fan blade keeps coming off motor shaft. This is a roof top unit.  The compressor cooling fan blade won't stay on motor shaft.  
Heating & AC	ford f250 6.0 diesel overheating indicator. whether we are pulling a load or not the truck overheat indicator come on and refle
Heating & AC	What could cause this problem with my water heater?. I have a State Select water heater model GS650YBRT. The heater gas turned 
Heating & AC	Looking for a replacement motor for heat/ac 645 24V 60HZ 6W 60 RPH 37339L-5-6 5631. Looking for a replacement motor for heat/ac
Heating & AC	what could be wrong if my fan on my central unit stopped turning outside?. Fan on central air and heat stopped turning and is m
Heating & AC	The fan on my central air and heat unit has stopped turning and unit is makinga noise. My central air and heat unit is about 2 
Heating & AC	indoor a/c mini-split. if appliance runs on 208/230 volt, with 14 watts, what is the amperage draw?
Heating & AC	after replacing the capacitor of the furnace fan motor, the A/C is not blowing much,. 3 days ago, I smelled burn coming from th
Heating & AC	Trane xe1000 air conditioner. my trane xe1000 air conditioner runs for a few minutes, then stops and reverses directions, and b
Heating & AC	furnace questions and answers. Does it cost more for gas if you continually turn the thermostat off and then back on when you c
Heating & AC	goodman gph1324m41 package unit  with hkr 5kw heat.  two dedicated 30 amp circuits ?. Does this Goodman gph1324m41  package roo
Heating & AC	2 wire thermostat. I have 2 wires yellow and red and I am trying to change my thermostat to a digital one but can only get it t
Heating & AC	can i replace 1/4 hp 440 volt condensor motor with 1/3 hp 230 volt. my old motor is 1/4 hp 440 volt ph 1 and rpm is 850 now I h
Heating & AC	Central Air conditioning not working after winter. Hi, We have Lennox central air conditioner.....just 3 yrs old ( This is 3rd 
Heating & AC	icp dc90 natural gas furnace. i have a older icp dc90 furnace. i have replaced the exhaust motor,ignitor,vacume switch and now 
Heating & AC	rheem electric furnace troubleshooting. There is ice build up on the panels under the filter, what does this mean?
Heating & AC	Luxaire Gas Furnace. When the thermostat is turned on to heat the pilot ignites and stays lit for 10-15 seconds then turns off.
Heating & AC	Troubleshooting luxaire heating and air. Our furnace will not come on all the time. When it does it makes a humming sound outsi
Heating & AC	lenox  model 5802L 43783 pump buzzes but will not turn the fan.. I have checked the breakers and reset them. Ihave checked the 
Heating & AC	home ac evacuation. Found the leak in my central ac system.  Now, evacuating the system in preparation for charging it.  Vac pu
Heating & AC	T8601D2019 chornotherm IV. How do I change the set points on the thermostat - can't get cool to go below 70
Heating & AC	maple chase thermostat where is the fuse?. Can't find the fuse on the Maple Chase thermostat.  Opened it up, I see the batterie
Heating & AC	furnace trunk line question. I am wondering when a furnace is installed if the front of the furnace is parallel with the trunk 
Heating & AC	goodman furnace gas cuts off. i have a gmp-050-3 goodman gas furnace. gas would come on for a few seconds and cut back off so i
Heating & AC	duroguard condensing unit. I have a duro guard condensing unit. Ive replaced the contactor, capacitor, fan motor and main break
Heating & AC	Yellow wire placement from condensor fan motor to dual capacitor.... My new ao smith 1/4hp condenser fan motor ( FSE1026SV1) ha
Heating & AC	Rheem Furnace Parts Catalog. I have a rheem furnace, but appears the model # has been removed/faded and I am looking for the bl
Heating & AC	hot in florida. my blower is working outside but not blowing any air inside, please help
Heating & AC	Where can I buy a rebuilt fan motor for a Durcane AC model # AC10B30-A. Where can I buy a rebuilt fan motor for a Durcane AC mo
Heating & AC	water hammer at the boiler. as the boiler heats up the water appears to surge in the flow pipe causing severe water hammer
Heating & AC	my janitrol  pump motor tries to start but just cut on & off without the motor going. In the air condition mode the heat pump t
Heating & AC	Coleman Mobile Home Furnace. Can my Pilot light be replaced with an electronic ignition? I have a Coleman mobile home furnace, 
Heating & AC	Coleman Mobile Home Furnace. I have a Coleman Split AC system. It was installed in our Mobile Home in 1980. The indoor Air Hand
Heating & AC	how to check the capacitor on central air unit. I turn the central air on and put my hand on top of compressor I didn't feel it
Heating & AC	AC buzzing. The fan starts and runs for just a little bit and then cuts back off makes a buzzing sound is at the relay switch o
Heating & AC	my wife left cover on AC central AC unit and then ran it all day. Can that damage it?. Air Conditioning repair
Heating & AC	Central air stalls out. My central air stalled out. The fan was moving freely when I pushed it so I replaced the capacitor. It 
Heating & AC	AC is sick. The fan on my outside unit starts up fine, but about 20 seconds later the compressor engages and starts up fine som
Heating & AC	Ducane parts--help!. Does anyone know where I can find Ducane parts-- or substitutes for-- NH0C084AH03 and AG736031 DRC-10A (fa
Heating & AC	replaced a cold air return grid, now furnace makes a squealing sound. I replaced a cold air grill cover and now the furnace mak
Heating & AC	Where do I oil the blower motor on my indoor AC, it's an intertherm model 9007590?. Need to oil the blower motor but don't know
Heating & AC	AC condenser fan turning on and off intermittently. I just turned on the AC for the first time this season and I noticed that t
Heating & AC	Home AC Compressor won't start, just hums for 2 seconds then stops. I have a 1992 Rheem RAKA-042JAZ 3.5 Ton Air Conditioning Un
Heating & AC	bryant 373lav blower motor will not start stay on. It stopped working about a week ago. If I take the panel off and spin by han
Heating & AC	carrier cant get compressor and condensor fan to run together. carrier air cooled unit  condenser fan runs fine and then goes o
Heating & AC	Manual. Can I get a manual for Simple Comfort 3201?  The time is wrong and I don't see where to correct.  Also I just want to b
Heating & AC	How to replace condensor fan motor?. My Old fan motor  has 3-wires. My new fan motor has 9-wires of different colors. Only thre
Heating & AC	AC condensate drain installation. I need to connect a drain for my ac condensate. The interior coil of my heatpump unit is loca
Heating & AC	my furnace, air conditioner and blower all stopped working. I replace the battery in the t-stat, cdovered the wires that a weed
Heating & AC	sears gas floor furnace model 138-737610. pilot will light but burner will not come on. i have replaced the thermostat
Heating & AC	Loud clapping/hammering sound with heat pump. We have a Trane 2-year old heat pump.  When operating in heat mode in 35-40 degre
Heating & AC	non functioning a/c. Bought a house with ac unit not working.  Paid to have it charged up.  It leaked and was nonfunctional in 
Heating & AC	what can cause my a/c coil to freeze?. My a/c/unit is  running but now air is coming out.  If it is a frozen coil, what caused 
Heating & AC	Why is my furnace not blowing. I changed the fan wheel on my furnace and now it starts but it seems like it doesn't blow air! I
Heating & AC	nordyne furnace diagnostics 2 blinks followed by a pop noise then humming noise. I have reset the power to the furnace. Every t
Heating & AC	how to replace a run capacitor Goodman brand A/C unit model number CPLE36-1?. my 10 year old goodman a/c unit has two red wires
Heating & AC	thermostat installation diagram wiring Honeywell RTH221. Went to install a Honeywell RTH221 on my Miller/Amana System-- System 
Heating & AC	installed new motor and fan in heat pump, it will not start. Replaced fan and motor and start capacitor in Pool heat pump.  It 
Heating & AC	my heat pump quit heating. can it be a result of no freon. Was told new unit required sue to loss of freon..unit will not hea
Heating & AC	917267a troubleshoot. yes we have a Mobile home heat air and it wont cut off it keeps running all the time and the air conditio
Heating & AC	Why A/C Blower will not turn on?. I have a Carrier 8000 WeatherMaker in the crawl space of my home. The BLOWER MOTOR will not t
Heating & AC	boiler breakdown. I have combination boiler installed about seven yrs ago. Had no probs untill now. Boiler not firing when requ
Heating & AC	lennox G51MP gas furnace. I have a Lennox G51MP Gas Furnace. I get a hint of gas smell from the air vent closest to the furnace
Heating & AC	Burner cycling. I have a Carrier 314GAW000100 gas furnace that lights off several times and extinguishes before remaining  on t
Heating & AC	My heat pump ran for about 5 minutes, then shut off.. My heat pump ran then shut off as did the air handler inside.  It won't c
Heating & AC	ac outside fan motor. the fan I have is a four wire (black, white, brown and brown/white) I am trying to connect to a three wir
Heating & AC	Why is there a white haze in the air in my home. There has been this white haze in my home for the past month.  It has no smell
Heating & AC	how to wire a condenser fan motor capacitor. I went from a 3 wire fan to a 4 wire fan. 1 black, 1 white, 1 brown and 1 brown wi
Heating & AC	Dead Thermostat. Hello...I have a Carrier thermostat that has ceased to function..went to check it...and it is blank...any reco
Heating & AC	outside ac unit,slow start. only when first starting outside ac unit,.I have to hit the trip connecter on the conductor to ener
Heating & AC	green, yellow, white, red & black wires on an older model honeywel thermostat. directions for a honeywell  thermostat t834c wir
Heating & AC	Why will my A/C not blow cold air?. I have a brand new A/C unit installed outside, and I tried to run it yesterday with the hot
Heating & AC	i need to changing 30 amp breaker to 20 amp. I have a hotel. It was built some 30 years ago. I have 30 Amp Breakers with a 20 A
Heating & AC	national electric code online. Min.wire size for 40Amp breaker with MCA 21.6
Heating & AC	I have a nordyne furnace, fuse tripped last night and won't reset?  HELP!. Can I check to see if it's fuses or unit by turning 
Heating & AC	nordyne furnace model#e2eb-015ha blower won't shut off when i put the thermostat in o. i have a nordyne furnace model #e2eb-015
Heating & AC	fans will not shut off. Our home furnace system has ceiling fans that will not shut off. Controlled by a Robert Shaw Maple Chas
Heating & AC	blower motor. woke up this morning to this burning smell coming from the ac closet. there was a low hum I turned it off and too
Heating & AC	Miller Furnace. I have a Miller Furnace in mobile home.  HAve had repairman twice and still not resolved. Problem: Sometimes th
Heating & AC	cracked heat exchanger kenmore furnace ask. I have a Kenmore furnace that was installed in May 1999, cracked heat exchanger Mar
Heating & AC	why is my heater fan making noise like an airplane. I turned on my heater yesterday and it sounded like an airplane was landing
Heating & AC	I turned on the Central Air but forgot to take the winter cover off the outside unit. Now the outside unit doesn't turn on. Fan
Heating & AC	how do you remove the high-limit on a upright 95% furnace. The high-limit switch is mounted to the sealed burner chamber with t
Heating & AC	Could it be the igniter?. My furnace starts up but quickly shuts down.  Is there a pilot light or an ignitor?  Concord 90 plus 
Heating & AC	Is a uv light with peroxide for ac unit a good idea for breathing problems?. My Mother has bad breeating problems and a friend 
Heating & AC	Goodman split unit. I have a goodman split heating and air unit-right now i have no heat.  When i turn the thermostat to heat t
Heating & AC	Thermostat trouble. My furnance turns on then shuts of before it lights then turns on and lights and runs it cycle any ideas
Heating & AC	My Amana 80 High Efficiency Furnace pilot light won't light. I followed the instructions to re light pilot light, but no succes
Heating & AC	rheem criterion ii gas furnace troubleshooting, it runs great for about 4-6 keep. .my Rheem criterion II gas furnace runs good 
Heating & AC	Homart Furnace. Was wondering if anybody knew how to get information on this furnace, Sears was not able to find anything on it
Heating & AC	Connecting a new thermostat without any color codes. We recently moved in to this house and it has a forced-air gas furnace in 
Heating & AC	My Heil furnace NUGK075AG02 main burner will not ignite.  Inducer motor runs, pilot. My Heil furnace NUGK075AG02 main burner wi
Heating & AC	my upstairs heating/air unit does not shut down unless I turn it to cool.. I noticed last night the fan from my upstairs unit
Heating & AC	I have a Trane Gas Pack model YCC024A1L0AB. The problem I have is the blower is not t. I have a Trane Gas Pack model YCC024A1L0
Heating & AC	boiler will not shut off. I have hot water heat in my house and a programable thermostat. The pump and boiler will come on to h
Heating & AC	Thermostat wiring. I replaced my thermostat with a Honeywell rth2300. The ac was working and heat was not. Now nothing seems to
Heating & AC	Oil burner - 2 zones - one not working. Hello,   I really hope someone can help me with this problem. I have a Beckett oil burn
Heating & AC	what cause heavy yellow smoke from the oil box of an oil burning boiler. In an industrial environment operating 600 psig boiler
Heating & AC	Furnace Blower Problem. We have a heating/AC unit that was installed about 20 years ago.  The furnace unit is in the attic.  We
Heating & AC	free hvac repair answers. My lennox central air system is about 10yrs old. It worked all winter as far as the furnace but when 
Heating & AC	R410 mini split has cold liquid line. I have a R410 mini split.  Flare fitting leaked so I pulled all the gas out and fixed the
Heating & AC	ask Forced Air Heater questions. What controls the how long the force air furnace runs to heat the house, it seems to cycle muc
Heating & AC	York Furnace model: P2MP Circulator Blower Won't Work. I went through the troubleshooting charts in the 'Installation Instructi
Heating & AC	should capacitor  have voltage with power off. should a capacitor,  for the fan and compressor, have any voltage when checked w
Heating & AC	Design for Split Ductless Air Conditioning for A Condo. I am currently getting quotes to add Split Ductless A/C to a Condo. The
Heating & AC	New Duct supply runs for basement finishing project. Hello,  Sorry for the long post, but want to try and include as much info 
Heating & AC	Replacing Janitrol HTP 18-60 with Honeywell rthl3550d1006. when replacing a Janitrol HTP 18-60  thermostat with a Honeywell RTH
Heating & AC	air conditioner 12000 BTU. I bought a split unit air conditioner 12000 BTU. The one with the quick connectors. I did not suck v
Heating & AC	Outdoor Ac wires red green and white  were chewed by dog. The wires got chewed by dog coming from the unit to thermostat i only
Heating & AC	Central air blower stops working after air has been running a while. Our central air will work for a while and then the blower 
Heating & AC	Don't know where to put the filter. Don't know where to put the filter and I have pics of the unit so I can be told where
Heating & AC	if pilot light goes out on trane xe 60 gas furnace will it affect my air conditioner. I have a Trane gas furnace xe 60 in my ho
Heating & AC	where can i find a replacement blower for a rheem criterion furnace?. My blower motor died. I want to replace it with something
Heating & AC	What is the expected life on a Lennox Elite 10 packaged heat pump system. Expected life on a Lennox Elite packaged heat pump sy
Heating & AC	changing old 2 wire thermostat black and red wires to new digital. My old thermostat has 2 wires - a black and a red and the th
Heating & AC	Trane central a/c blower fan cuts on and off. I have a Trane Air Conditioner/Heat Pump.  It is about 9 years old.  This summer 
Heating & AC	Broken Compressor on 1988 Lennox AX. Hey guys, new to the community and I was hoping I could get some help. I have a 1988 Lenno
Heating & AC	p374-1800. I have a Totaline P374-1800 thermostat that went blank...does this unit have a battery...I don't think so from what 
Heating & AC	I have a trane X80 furnace and the blower motor fails to work in the A/C or heatin. I have a trane X80 furnace and the blower m
Heating & AC	Robert Shaw thermostat. I have a robertshaw thermostat for heating and cooling. It showed low battery so I changed the batterie
Heating & AC	Ac blowing weak cold air. Hello out of no where my ac started to blow very week cold air takes whole day for it to get from  78
Heating & AC	codes for edge thermostar. I have a Carrier TC-NHP1 Thermostat. I locked the keypad using code 21 But now I find that I can acc
Heating & AC	heat pump FAN WON'T STOP RUNNING. Have a split unit. 4 yrs old.  This winter noticed when it would reach temperature. Heat woul
Heating & AC	i have a arcoair condensor model num  k55hxlpl-4053 and wont turn on. my condensor wont turn on its arcoair model  k55hxlpl-405
Heating & AC	transformer electical diagram wiring tfm4031. I am replacing this but my old one does not have the same wires and my new one di
Heating & AC	A/C Blower Problems. I am trying simply to find the schematics for a Snyder General A/C-furnace blower.  Apparently the company
Heating & AC	Mears Controls. Cannot find link for Mears Controls and need thermostat covers for M7 baseboard heat
Heating & AC	Top fan. Top fan won't kick in when a/c is on. Is this capacitor as I can bearly move the fan blades and fan will start. Goodma
Heating & AC	a/c thermostat. My a/c thermostat flashes lo batt I changed the batteries and it still says it, or it shuts off! The brand is
Heating & AC	air conditioner help. I have a wiring diagram for an air conditioning unit.  On the diagram the run capacitors indicate that a 
Heating & AC	I have a fireplace with an electric starter that will not lite.. This is considered to be a fake fireplace that will light usin
Heating & AC	Carrier Air Conditioner Problem. i have a carrier heat pump, model FA4ANF030. The fan does not come on in heat or cool, the fan
Heating & AC	Ducane Heating/AC Unit Model# VL30-284T+D With Heat & AC Running At The Same Time.. We have a Ducane heating/AC unit Model # VL
Heating & AC	American Standard furnace fault light. I turned off the power to my American Standard furnace today to change the filters and n
Heating & AC	Can putting a cupboard with vent over the control panel make an AC ice up in an hour?. I rent a commercial property and my AC b
Heating & AC	trane blower motor cost on TRANE XL 16i  purchased 2010. what is replacement cost  on trane blower motor cost on TRANE XL 16i  
Heating & AC	picture of 1989 intertherm burner plate. where   can i purchase a burner plate for a 1989 intertherm furnace?it is a holley par
Heating & AC	heil air handler wiring diagram for bh3018skb1. The wiring diagram is gone very old unit just need something to wire up the oth
Heating & AC	eco temp air conditioner reviews. rating for eco temp air conditioner
Heating & AC	Lennox Furnace Schematic G32V. Need a wiring schematic for a lennox g32v
Heating & AC	how to wire condenser fan motor. old condeser fan motor 3 wires 2 went to old capaciter 1 to relay on defrost board,,, new moto
Heating & AC	Wiring diagram for rheem a c transformer. Wiring diagram for rheem ac transformer
Heating & AC	lennox circuit board 9101 Potter&burnfield T90R5D12-24C01L24VDC what makes it blow. What makes a 9101 Potter&Burnfield T90R5D12
Heating & AC	bryant thermostat troubleshooting. The blue and red (heat & cool) buttons are stuck in the 'in' position.   When the thermostat
Heating & AC	1000watt-240volt baseboard heater. Can this heater be wired for 120volts since it is only 1000watts ? It is not connected to an
Heating & AC	looking for wiring diagram for nordyne furnace model MGH-068ABWL-07. looking for wiring diagram for nordyne furnace model MGH-0
Heating & AC	Gas smell inside house when heater starts. Have replaced heat exchange, have had technition out twice. No gas leaks located.  W
Heating & AC	amana 80 sse flame sensor. Where is the flame sensor on my Amana 80 SSE furnace?
Heating & AC	noma programmabe thermostat. Nona programmable thermostat 52-2570-6  Will not turn off. I have to turn the furnance off by thro
Heating & AC	I have a Weathertron BAY28X138A mercury switch thermostat (~30yrs old). I have a Weathertron BAY28X138A mercury switch thermost
Heating & AC	Barred Windows.... I live in a bad neighborhood.  As an example: I just had a brand new microwave stolen from outside my front 
Heating & AC	Armstrong Ultra 80 pressure switch. I get a 3 minute beep code  says the pressure switch is open and needs to be closed. Isn't 
Heating & AC	pilot is lit. a new electric meter was installed at my home, so power was lost for appox 30 sec.....I don't know if that affect
Heating & AC	day and night bryant. DAY & NIGHT UNIT #5843660 installed 1990 on the roof of new construction   last week the heater would not
Heating & AC	trane split system. coast of trane heat pump 2.5 ton model 4TWB4030 and air handler model TAM7AOB30 (XL) with 15KW heat package
Heating & AC	I need to change my carrier infinity control thermostat from celsuis to fahrenheit?. I know there is a button or something on t
Heating & AC	compressor won't start. The compressor is one year old. the three wires coming out of it looks great. has a new capacitor just 
Heating & AC	the air conditioner is not working. The fan is blowing but not through the vents.
Heating & AC	what is  bryant heat pump SL.No. TWFA79416E. what does this number mean on Bryant heat pump ? SL.NO.TWFA79416 E
Heating & AC	Trane Thermostat xt302 Manual. Trane Thermostat xt302 display keeps reverting to 32 degrees after battery change?  Is this unit
Heating & AC	I need to know the model styles of quatro furnaces that were sold in the year 1995. The model numbers of quatro furnaces built 
Heating & AC	venting stove range. Hi ..I have a over the range microwave which has a  300 cfm fan ..which dosent do much I was thinking of i
Heating & AC	hvac questions free. we had an a/c condensation drain clog causing water damage where the central return duct compartment is to
Heating & AC	Honeywell Chronotherm IV Plus Thermostat. Although I am setting the System to 'Off' the thermostat is not switching off and the
Heating & AC	rheem 40gal powervent water heater. I have a bad fvs and cant get one for 3 days how do i bypass until then
Heating & AC	maple chase thermostat. Panel reading OFF but little green light on door ON. No matter what function I choose nothing happens, 
Heating & AC	HVAC Troubleshooting Questions for Free. I have a Mitubishi AC unit modle MS15NN (ductless type) that has be diagnosed with a b
Heating & AC	Air conditioner runs with no air output?. I have dual fuel (air to air heat pump with propane backup) and can hear the furnace 
Heating & AC	can a dual capacitor be used as a single capacitor. Can you use the just the compressor side (hermetic) of a dual capacitor and
Heating & AC	A/C Unit doesn't work after changing filter. The change filter indicator light came on and shut my unit down, I changed the fil
Heating & AC	Quatro Furnaces. Where can I find the model numbers of quatro furnaces?
Heating & AC	goodman unit cpke24-1ab. how to connect wiring from sc 2201 non programmable electronic thermostat tocpke24-1ab
Heating & AC	Air Conditioner Blower Does not Stop at Auto. The indoor blower of my central air conditioner does not stop when its outdoor co
Heating & AC	a/c runs & cools house but will not shut off. Have a Lennox a/c electric unit with propane heat. At first the unit acted like t
Heating & AC	hvac blower noise. Hi,  The blower for my HVAC started producing a noise a couple of weeks back. The noise is continuous once t
Heating & AC	Honeywell Chronotherm IV Plus. My readout screen is blank on my Honeywell Chronotherm IV plus.  I have a 5 zone system, and the
Heating & AC	RUUD Model:2453GG14. How old is this model with serial MO596?
Heating & AC	correct diameter or pitch on ruined 3 blade ac fan. took of 3 blade fan off ac fan motor,bent trying to take it off ,only marki
Heating & AC	HELP Central Air Freezing. We are having trouble with our home Central Air unit. Our air has been running really cold all summe
Heating & AC	Air handler sometimes won't shut off. I have changed fan relay switch 2 times. Works ok for days then the fan won't shut off ev
Heating & AC	Coolant. Where on the unit do you put the coolant?
Heating & AC	how to separate a thermostat controlling two units. how can i saparate two units connecting to one thermostat
Heating & AC	Heater wire diagram. I need a wire diagram for a nordyne electric furnace heater sequencer switches model e2eb-017ha serial #e2
Heating & AC	AC efficiency. My neighbor just had her central AC system routinely serviced.  She asked the technician, if I close the doors 
Heating & AC	electric furnace potential relay wiring diagram. need schematic on wiring for potential relay
Heating & AC	Bypass heat pump. I have an old A/C system and have replaced the old outside compressor with a Bryant reverse cycle heat pump (
Heating & AC	Goodmsn split unit. I have a Goodman Split unit. When breaker is on, Air runs none stop (both fan & compressor). Disconnected d
Heating & AC	Heating & Cooling Maintenance, Repair & Troubleshooting FAQ from NortherHeat. Check out these tips and explanations, below, fro
Heating & AC	Rheem A/C wiring diagram. Need wiring diagram for Rheem model#EABA-F036SA
Heating & AC	Fan sounds as if running, but no cooling. Fan sounds as if it is running, but no cooling in the house and no air flow.  The con
Heating & AC	York Blower Won't Work. I went through the troubleshooting charts in the 'Installation Instructions'.   The FAN CHECK ONLY flow
Heating & AC	my intertherm furnace won't light. I've changed nozzle.I've cleaned the eye.checked the electrode adjustment and checked the sp
Heating & AC	Carrier Weathermaker 8000 inducer motor runs intermittently. The Weathermaker is used for gas heating (last heating about 3 mon
Heating & AC	ac compressor for TTB024C100A0. My AC will turn on fine, pump out cold air and then after about 8 minutes the Fan will shut off
Heating & AC	hvac troubleshooting questions for free. I'm trying to help my neighbor (single mother of 2). I am fairly knowledgable of elect
Heating & AC	how to remove blower unit miller funance. how to remove blower unit from miller funace
Heating & AC	Goodman furn igniter works intermittingly. I have a Goodman GMPN120-5 and the igniter works intermittingly. It times out after 
Heating & AC	Wood Furnace and Fan Control Circuitry. Hi all,  I recently purchased a house with an old Jensen wood furnace in the basement (
Heating & AC	trane xe80 control board. I have a Trane xe80 furnance.  I hear a small hum from the control board when the furnance is not run
Heating & AC	Lennox M# 10gcs048x-100-3pa. decode M#  Lennox M# 10gcs048x-100-3pa
Heating & AC	Trane heat pump. Trane water source heat pump, it's set for cooling, and heat goes on. What can it be?
Heating & AC	Trane Schematics. Capaciter location. where can i find parts schematics sheet for a trane forced air furnace with cooling unit.
Heating & AC	janitrol hpt18-60 to honeywell rth2310 not working did i damage it /. I tried to install and only got the ac on once and then n
Heating & AC	inside and outside unit wont shut off outside unit new. Compressor was bad got new outside unit now the inside wont shut off or
Heating & AC	goodman furnace troubleshooting. I have a Goodman furnace that only locks out at night time it is a 80%. I cleaned the flu, chi
Heating & AC	My blower will run with thermostat set on Fan but will not run on Automatic.. My blower will run with thermostat set on Fan b
Heating & AC	Maple Chase Thermostat. We just purchased our home and have lived here all of 5 days. I woke up today freezing so I went to che
Heating & AC	free hvac advice. I have a Carrier 58RAV090, I hear the thermostat click on but nothing happens. I tried the self check on the 
Heating & AC	evcon gas furnace troubleshooting. So I have tried to get my propane Evcon Furnace to start up and it seems everything is going
Heating & AC	ductwork oil canning. what is ductwork,, oil canning ?
Heating & AC	Thermostat reading. My thermostat keeps blinking 4. What does that mean?
Heating & AC	heatpump model LHKA 18 FS AAA. Hey, we have a Luxaire LHKA 18 FS AAA Heatpump but we don't know where the remote is. Can it be 
Heating & AC	water dripping from pressure relief valve pipe. Problem with central heating system, pressurised tank system leaking.
Heating & AC	My Central AC compressor stays on even after I turn off. Here's the story...by the way, I know absolutely nothing about Central
Heating & AC	Janitrol GMP075-3 main fan runs constant. My furnace is turned off. I came home and main blower fan was running, t-stat is in t
Heating & AC	Very Old GE Heating+Cooling Thermostat. Upgrading a 30+ year old GE heat/cool thermostat, running an oil fired hot air plus cen
Heating & AC	will a/c unit develop CO2. will an A/C unit emit CO and CO2
Heating & AC	thermostats. 30 yr old ac only need new thermostat no heat, auto ac &fan only
Heating & AC	Can R410 air handler work properly with a R22 condenser in a heat pump. I have a split system heat pump (Carrier). Due to freon
Heating & AC	all new ac and furnace and a coil from john stone. Hi I need help plz. I just had a 4 ton reem and a coil andnordie furnace ins
Heating & AC	Honeywell thermostat RTH7600 reset factory default?. We recently installed a Honeywell RTH7600 series thermostat. My problem is
Heating & AC	furnace blower turns on k. I have furnace that the blower runs continues till I turn it off at the switch. Also the a/c unit wi
Heating & AC	AC not working or getting power. I need help please I am very handy but I am also completely an ac virgin. After some intense G
Heating & AC	trane  XV80 ds1 flashing. Trane AC not cooling, XV80 indoor.  There was a power failure, don't know if that was related to why 
Heating & AC	OLD furnace, burners light, shuts off after 45 seconds. I will try to add specific make/model information when i can.  i person
Heating & AC	New Fan Motor and Capacitor - Install Questions. I just got a new fan motor and capacitor for my central ac unit.  My plan was 
Heating & AC	how to tell if your a/c capacitor is bad. My central A/C unit is not working at all.  I have checked what I can ie... Thermosta
Heating & AC	what size unit?. I need a heat/ac combo for a barn 8Â8 with 10ft barn style ceiling 6 ft walls. Would a LG 12,000 btu w/ heat 2
Heating & AC	Coleman Electric Furnace over heats. I have an electric Coleman forced air furnace in a mobile home (30 years old). Worked fine
Heating & AC	Central air fan won't shut off. My central air fan motor went out, so I bought a new one. It also came with a new circuit or wh
Heating & AC	how do you wire a hvac fan motor that dosent require a capacitor. I replaced the fan motor on the condensing unit. The motor sa
Heating & AC	split system a/c is blowing warm air. i have a ENVIROMASTERS CLC42D711AA0A0B 3-1/2 TON A/C MINI SPLIT 208/230 VOLT R22 50645.  
Heating & AC	payne house ac blowing hot air-outside blower/fan working but blowing out cool air. My central a/c unit is blowing hot air. The
Heating & AC	rheem troubleshooting codes. I have a rheem furnace that is flashing 5 times with a two second pause between each. how do I fix
Heating & AC	Blower Motor Replacement Problems. I just replaced the blower motor in our Lennox G20RQ4E-75-5 Furnace, Original blower model #
Heating & AC	if a component goes out will current still flow. if a component goes out will current keep flowing
Heating & AC	the dual capacitor is linking some tiype of liquid. hey guys  my ac is blowing hot air on cooling. I check outside and the comp
Heating & AC	thermostat fan switch on but blower is turning on and off each minute or so. furnace blower goes on and off each about each min
Heating & AC	Installed new fan motor and capicator but AC unit won't start. My AC began squealing one night so I cut it off and called the H
Heating & AC	auxiliary light on continuously with a simple comfort 2200 electronic thermostat. I just had my Lennox heat pump serviced and n
Heating & AC	NOT BLOWING HEAT g20q3e-75-1. i have a lennox whisper heat G20Q3E-75-1  i turn the unit on i hear the clicking from pilot but i
Heating & AC	Intertherm Furnace Troubleshooting E2EB015HB furnace kicks on when suppose to and off. furnace kicks on and off when suppose to
Heating & AC	ITT General Controls thermostat went out. Hi everyone, I stumbled across this site today after my thermostat went out.  It's a 
Heating & AC	High limit switch open. How do I fix
Heating & AC	Repair Manual for 2400 Monitor Heater. No error code. When unit reaches set temp, cuts off & temp set & room lights flash. When
Heating & AC	how do I check combustion fan. two wires from top to power and two wires from bottom. I replaced the big fan motor an capacitor
Heating & AC	thermal zone air handlers TZHLL-6024JA transformer humming when off. I purchased a ThermalZone TZHLL-6024JA Air Handler.  Insta
Heating & AC	Carrier ICM271C control board fails after 1 season. I have a carrier model 58DR075 furnace from 1988 and every year I have to r
Heating & AC	Rotten eggs smell. It's 11 pm, and just now when the heat clicked on a rotten eggs smell suddenly seemed very strong. My husban
Heating & AC	furnace fan speed on startup. does the fan on an older 1970 or so wesco electric furnace start on slow speed or directly on hig
Heating & AC	What is a fan center on a 5kw electric furnace with a/c. This would be on a,What is a fan center on a 5kw electric furnace with
Heating & AC	what type A/C is a Goodman model ckl30 1l. what type of unit is a goodman ckl30 1l
Heating & AC	Upstairs isn't warm. Hello,  New home owner here. I am having trouble heating the upstairs of my home.   I have a monoflo syste
Heating & AC	Fan humswhen switch is on. When hotwired it runs great. So my ventilation fan just hums when i flip switch to on. it works fine
Heating & AC	Bryant 395CAV042091 limit switch manual reset location. I have a Bryant 395CAV042091 Upflow forced air furnace, it is vented  t
Heating & AC	Is my landlord lying to me about our air conditioning?. A conversation with my landlord:  Initially, my landlord said that my a
Heating & AC	Got a deal on 4 ton heat pump. But the old one was a 3 ton standard a/c can I install this to run as a basic condencer . next w
Heating & AC	central heat will not stay on. why does my central heat only turn on for a few seconds then automatically turns back off not re
Heating & AC	manual for wiring a honeywell thermostat model rth221b. I have a honeywell thermostat , model RTH221B. Can this be installed in
Heating & AC	honeywell thermostat conversion charts. I'm replaceing a SECO CONTROLS TA2000 thermostat with a Honeywell RTHL 2410C. I need so
Heating & AC	what does a code 2 on a Buderus 600 boiler mean?. We have a Buderus 600 boiler, which is approximately 10 years old.  It has a 
Heating & AC	air heaters. are air heaters noisey when running and do they produce hot water the same temperture as a combi and which is the 
Heating & AC	Thermostat/HVAC. Could the gas valve (smart valve) be damaged when using a thermostat that is not compatible with the HVAC unit
Heating & AC	Cold air return cover. Ok, strange occurrence- I went outside and heard a crash. When I came back inside the cold air return co
Heating & AC	carrier 40aq024330eh. Does anyone know how much PSI of R22 or equivalant is needed to charge this system?
Heating & AC	can I get a replacement copy of the schematic for a Ducane AC model # AC10B30-A, seri. can I get a replacement copy for the sch
Heating & AC	i keep having to replace the thermocouple. the valve worked great for 5 or maybe 10 years and then toward the last couple month
Heating & AC	My Honeywell Zoned AC unit won't come on at all...this is after I had a service call. I have a Honeywell Universal MiniZone AC 
Heating & AC	coleman model 7665-856. The home I am buying has a Coleman model 7665-856, which shows that it may be both a heater and ac unit
Heating & AC	Rheem part needed. I am looking for a drain pan for a rheem model # rrgf250125ckr mfg in 05/93. It is in such bad condition if 
Heating & AC	Condenser Fan Not Running. I have two outside condensers, 2 zones, and one of the fans appears to be running at half the RPM's 
Heating & AC	air conditioning. Hello, I have a question about air conditioning and relatedly heating  I have a window A/C, not central heati
Heating & AC	Mother needs help regarding a compressor. Inside unit is running the fan is going the right way the contactor is engage  on the
Heating & AC	Goodman Furnace issue. I'm replacing a blower wheel number B1368047. The only one I can find is B1368047A on which the set scre
Heating & AC	Heil Furnace Troubleshooting Symptoms. When our airconditioning is running, I get lots of vibration type noise coming from the 
Heating & AC	how to replace a trane baystat 240 to honeywell 2410c. old                                           new   r                   
Heating & AC	water dripping out of unit and air not as cold. Water on floor in my bathroom coming out of unit and my air is on 70 degrees bu
Heating & AC	Fridgemaster fridge is icing up. A couple of months ago my fridgemaster fridge/freezer thermostat broke and I had a new one ins
Heating & AC	LA150c repco how old. How old is my repco bolier.. LA150c   #18411522
Heating & AC	air heater fan/blower will not shut off. We have been running the air conditioner and when the therm shuts off the fan/blower k
Heating & AC	Furance systems. What is the difference between Hot Air Heating and  air conditioning with burner in basement and floor vents .
Heating & AC	Looking for AC Unit Specs Online. Where's a good place to research the specs on my Goodman Mfg. Corp air conditioning unit?  It
Heating & AC	thermostat for central a/c. i'm not getting 24 volts to my thermostat, where does the voltage come from and how do i check it
Heating & AC	What is the difference between a cased & uncased evaporator coil, besides the case;. is one better than the other; work for dif
Heating & AC	Changing thermostat. I have an old trane baystat 239 and want to change it out with a Honeywell  th5220. Can't find out color d
Heating & AC	What role does a capacitor play in a condensing unit?. I have a capacitor in my AC condensing unit outside. The fan motor was n
Heating & AC	RV water heater gas valve. I installed new unitrol gas valve in water heater. It lit up and worked great for one afternoon and 
Heating & AC	Tempstar Furnace no heat -igniter glows for 3 seconds then turns off. I have a Tempstar furnace model number NUGS050AF01 - Seri
Heating & AC	propane water heater the pilot lights but goes out when button is released. my water heater the pilot lights i hold button for 
Heating & AC	Ac doesn t blow indoor. The ac unit outside kicks on the line seems that ice is on itbut it doesn t blow inside the house
Heating & AC	Old GE furnace, replace blower motor. Furnace has red,white,blue wires (blue could be green) new motor has red,yellow,blue,blac
Heating & AC	Wesco Furnace Replacement Parts. I need one of the ceramic insulators that keep the heating element from touching the frame
Heating & AC	Very Loud AC Compresser when it first starts. Howdy, I have a Luxaire model HBBD-F048B. My problem is when the Outside unit tur
Heating & AC	york ac unit does not come on unless the power is cycled off then on. york commericial ac unit does not start up. I have to cyc
Heating & AC	How old is my Tempstar. How old is my Tempstar cooling unit model #NAC030AKA5 serial #E032129379
Heating & AC	Gas boiler pilot won't stay lit. This morning, I found the boiler pilot light was out. I followed directions found on a DIY web
Heating & AC	Will not stay lit.. I have a high efficiency Luxaire furnace.  It is at least 5 years old since we bought the house.  It has a 
Heating & AC	AC Capacitor. My outside motor stopped running yesterday and it was Humming. So of course I went to Mr. Google and it said it c
Heating & AC	gravity direct wall furnace selkirk. We just bought a house with a Selkirk gas fireplace direct wall vent model #3333, and I no
Heating & AC	1 1/2 year old Rheem not cooling well. I have a 1 1/2 year old rheem 13pjl36a01 3 ton 13 seer, and it runs all the time.  I set
Heating & AC	White Rodgers Thermostat Manual. why is red light on?
Heating & AC	Air conditioning not cooling house. Our central air unit isn't cooling down the house. It blows cool air but no change in overa
Heating & AC	how do i trouble shoot my nordyne furnace model GR4GC. I have a nordyne furnace model gr4gc and the power went off last night a
Heating & AC	why is my furnace blowing cold air. I have a 1 yr. old honeywell vr8215 furnace that just started blowing cold air today
Heating & AC	removing a Fedders wall air conditioner. I have a very old fedders wall air conditioner (acb10f2e) that I am trying to remove f
Heating & AC	Old relays for Rheem. Where would I find a 3arr4cl32  relay for a 320480ab  rheem furnace,  everything else appears to be worki
Heating & AC	manual of  montgomery wards woodburning furnace 05AN-5500A. I would like a copy of the Manual for Montgomery Wards Furnace 05AN
Heating & AC	Gas valve solenoid 36c03 type 333. My solenoid burned out. I have a resistance of .8 Meg. I have 28 volts AC to the solenoid. T
Heating & AC	SYNCHRON ZONE VALVE MOTOR 645 24v 60hz 6W. THIS IS THE MOTOR THAT ACTIVATES THE ZONE VALVE  645 24V 60 HZ 6W 38323L-6-106 0131 
Heating & AC	robertshaw thermostat 9420. I have two units, one upstairs and one downstairs. I recently had both capacitors replaced in my ou
Heating & AC	In order to ensure constant pressure and constant flow rate of compressed air what s. In order to ensure constant pressure and 
Heating & AC	My air conditioner compressor and outdoor fan does not turn on. No Cold air. I turn my central air conditioner on and I get not
Heating & AC	line freeze. after several hours of usage my lines going outside to a/c unit will freeze..ive also taken covers  off unit in ba
Heating & AC	duct work for central air. I live in a manufactured home. The furnace is electric and inside. The central air is a unit outside
Heating & AC	how do i wire a heat pump for air conditioning only. how do i wire a heat pump to ac only
Heating & AC	AC Unit turns off for no reason I can figure out. My outside AC unit has started doing something I just cannot figure out.  It 
Heating & AC	Why does my oil burner cut out. I Reset My Oil Burner All Day Every Day Just As The Water Begins To Get Warm It Cuts Out. If I 
Home Repair	Looking for good, cheap siding for garage. Hi. Â My name is Curtis. Â I live in the mountains of central Colorado. Â I'm having a 
Home Repair	sloping floors and how to support. Hi. Â I own an old Victorian Italianate house, built 1874 of massive beams. Â Some floors are 
Home Repair	crumbling basement walls. We are renovating the finished basement of a 1929 bungalow. When the walls were removed, we discove
Home Repair	ground water appearing after foundation repair. QUESTION: I recently had 22 foundation piers placed around the outside of my at
Home Repair	Old House Fondation replacement. My wife an I want to by a old (1860ish) house in Central NY. The problem is the front (west) w
Home Repair	concrete. Nicholas, I am a home inspector in north florida, and I constantly see concrete flooring cracks in new construction a
Home Repair	sinking foundation. I live in baltimore county maryland. Â The 40 year old kitchen addition to my house is sinking. Â I have rece
Home Repair	Foundation Stabilization and Repair. The foundation of my house is set up on concrete blocks, with the slope of my land going d
Home Repair	Slab Movement Seasonal. Hi, Ed. Our house is on a slab which moves with seasons. This causes differences in some door openings 
Home Repair	inulating over stucco. we have a home that is about 90 years old. Â there is wood siding, then tar paper then stucco. Â do we hav
Home Repair	Older home with uneven floors/lots of cracks. Ed,  First, thanks for taking the time to read this and answer!   My husband and 
Home Repair	Slab over footing sinking i the middle. QUESTION: I have a 17 x 17 concrete patio on the back of my house. The 6 thick slab is
Home Repair	Porch foundation. Hello I had my house a (cape cod) built by a contractor in 1989 who put in a basement with poured concrete fo
Home Repair	Soil Eroding from under foundation footer. Footer Eroding When it comes to foundations I am clueless. Â I live in Hermitage, TN 
Home Repair	Stair like cracking on a new home. Hi, I am writing to ask about this because it seems to be a little bit of a concern. We have
Home Repair	Concrete Pillar Pad. Great website ! Bruce posted a question on 12/4/07 regarding crawl space pillars etc. Â I have the exact sa
Home Repair	Basement Odor. Hi Jim, I live in the Somerset NJ area, in a 30 year old house. Iï¿½m living in this house now a little over five 
Home Repair	Concrete staining. I have a large corner colored concrete fountain that was experiencing an algae problem. I over-dozed a chlor
Home Repair	Pergola Plan Change. QUESTION: Hi.. The plans for my (attached) pergola have changed (wife complained). Â Can you please help ag
Home Repair	Rafters for a pergola. QUESTION: I am building a 14'x20' pergola using trated pine. The four posts will be 6x6. The beams wil
Home Repair	Foundation or Drainage Problem?. I have a two floor house with a basement, and in the basement there are a lot of cracks going 
Home Repair	Concrete Block Wall Foundation. The concrete block wall foundation in my basement is really bowed. Â The stuff between the block
Home Repair	Garage converstion. Hi Brian,  The garage was built in the late 80's and to the untrained eye is in great shape. Â I don't need 
Home Repair	stabilize footer under brick facade. QUESTION: 1974 Georgian style brick facade 2-story SE MI home. Basement is under main part
Home Repair	sagging floors/wall separation. The house was built in the early 1900's one level.The problem-the living room floor is slanting
Home Repair	helical vs. push piers. Our 39 year-old cinder block foundation house, which is built on marine clay in Northern Virginia, has 
Home Repair	deteriorating foundation. QUESTION: The concrete foundation on my 40 yr old home in buffalo NY is deteriorating from the outsid
Home Repair	Water seeping thorugh block basement wall. Hello! I've recently noticed this past week (after living in our house for 5 years) 
Home Repair	3 foot hole in outer foundation wall.. Hello. I am a young homeowner that recently purchased my grandfathers house, constructed
Home Repair	ground level foundation. My garage foundation in my newly purchased home is the same level as the ground. Â There are no gutters
Home Repair	How much should I charge?. Hi Gene  I work constructin with a company but im starting to get small job for myself. I don't kno
Home Repair	Pavillion. QUESTION: I just built a 24x48' pavilion. Â 10 each 6x6's, in the ground 36 inches, in 18 inch diameter holes poured 
Home Repair	poured foundation repair. QUESTION: I have a poured foundation that is almost 100 years old and is starting to leak. It was pou
Home Repair	fences. I have an older home in a neighborhood that is not so great. Â The windows facing the street gets broken often. Â I wante
Home Repair	anchor foundation wall to slab. I have a 15 ft by 65 ft slab 6 inches thick. I am putting a six foot foundation wall around the
Home Repair	Drywall Over OSB Cracking at Tape Joints. Hi Bruce,  We are remodeling a 125-year-old home from the ground up. We started by in
Home Repair	Construction drawing. I live in Florida and have a screened in lanai in my backyard. Â It was a full roof and slab floor with fo
Home Repair	lean-to shed. I want to add a carport to the side of my house, but with no outside wall or posts. Â It'll be corrugated steel on
Home Repair	foundation leaking water into basement. Hello, We purchased our home 2 years ago and since have noticed water problems in the b
Home Repair	house with cracked walls. Hi! Â I'm considering buying a brick house, but the walls inside are cracked in a  few places, mostly 
Home Repair	cracked and bowed block basement wall. hi i have a raised bungalow built in the early 50's with a block foundation aprox. 8' hi
Home Repair	cracks in slab. our house is a block house inner and outer walls windows and doors seem ok,about 3 years ago we had 2 slab leak
Home Repair	house on slab. hi..i have lived for a long time in a house that has a slab and of course no foundation. this is in miss. and he
Home Repair	Crack in concrete ledge & brick on porch corner. Our house is a two story colonial & is about 100 years old. Â There are four co
Home Repair	rock foundation wall detioration. We own a 3 story house in Vancouver. It was built in 1912. It has rock  foundation walls. 25 
Home Repair	Bowing Basement Wall. Jim - Â We've got a house that we are selling. Â The house has a block foundation with clay fill. Â The prob
Home Repair	house foundaton replacement. A section of my 100 year old farm house is sitting on concrete piers that are placed about 4 feet 
Home Repair	crumbling block. My house is about 110 yrs old and inside the garage wall at the bottom there is on row of crumbling block (see
Home Repair	Vertical Crack in Basement Wall. Hello Jim, I live in Denver and we just bought a house built in 1949. There is a vertical crac
Home Repair	Insulation. Hi I have a brick house that's about 55 years old and it has plaster walls so between the plaster walls and the bri
Home Repair	adjusting teleposts. Hi Ed,  I recently bought a 20 year old house, and the home inspector pointed out a fair sized crack in th
Home Repair	moisture in basement and cracking of drywall. Dear Ed,  I was reading your answer to Liz and it sounded so much like my problem
Home Repair	OLD House. Our 800 sq ft house was built back in 1937 and over the years the clay soil has taken its toll on the basement walls
Home Repair	floors falling through...wet rot. Sir, I would appreciate any information....my dad passed away last week and my mom is living 
Home Repair	Small Loft Storage in Garage. I recently had a two car garage constructed and want to add a small loft storage area. The space 
Home Repair	Basement Remodel. QUESTION: Plan to finish basement.Block foundation(gets wet in a few spots)Using metal studs and mold/moistur
Home Repair	Gas Flue. Hi there! Is there a required distance that you have to adhere too with regards to a gas fire & its outlet flue [heig
Home Repair	concrete driveway. About a year ago our son epoxyed our driveway - his first-time job. Over the months, it has faded in spots a
Home Repair	paneling. how to successfully remove old brown paneling in a kitchen/dining room. will the sheetrock underneath have to be repl
Home Repair	Adding a 2' extension. We're in Calgary, AB, and have a 10 year old house on a nice, wide lot. Wondering about the feasibility 
Home Repair	awning vents. I am preparing to insulate the flat roof of my new addition. I intend to install awning vents but I am concerned 
Home Repair	Sound reducing panel. Our neighbors air conditioner is right outside our bedroom window. It runs all day whether it is hot or n
Home Repair	Foamboard, House Wrap or Both?. Hello,  Â Â I have an 1874 colonial in Northwestern Massachusetts and I am in the process of gett
Home Repair	exposed ends of support beams in basement. Support Beams Hello Michael, I am concerned about the support beams in my basement. 
Home Repair	Exterior Wall Crack. Jim,  I have a vertical/slightly diagonal crack outside the house measuring 1/16 to  1/8 width beginning a
Home Repair	suspended concrete garage floor. Can you recommend a specification for a suspended floor, 22-ft. x 22 ft., supported on ICF fou
Home Repair	Exterior door sill. I have a timber front door and frame that the Â sill has become rotten and would like to replace just the si
Home Repair	adding a 3 season porch to L shaped ranch. QUESTION: What is the roof style when adding a 3 season porch to an L shaped ranch, 
Home Repair	Morter joints on exterior block wall. Jim  I have motor joints popping on my exterior of my house. The house is 10 years old an
Home Repair	foundation cracks -basement wall-vertical. The house is a new construction, foundation was poured about 6 months ago. I haven't
Home Repair	Egress nightmare. I had an egress window installed after I had a fire in my home. Â When they installed it they didn't put a cap
Home Repair	Cabin with shifting problem. I am having an issue with my cabin. Â The cabin was built in 1991 and put on 6x6 beams with a crawl
Home Repair	Double Brick wall Integrity. Jim, I live in a 1890's Victorian townhouse with double brick construction for the walls. Â We are 
Home Repair	salt deposits in basement and cracks in outside skim coat. hi,  i live in portland, oregon. my house was built in the 1920s wit
Home Repair	Replacing Pier and Post with Perimeter. I just put an offer on a 1920's house with a slowly sinking pier and post foundation. Â 
Home Repair	what type of contractor to hire for... replacement of a lally column in basement. I have a lally column set in cement. It is ho
Home Repair	Basement Seepage. Hello, Â Thanks for taking the time to look at my question. Â I have a 65yr old Michigan house with a block fou
Home Repair	bad oder in my home. my husband and i bought a our house about 3 yrs ago in miami, fl it is not a new house but the couple that
Home Repair	flat roof pergola. This is a simple question. I want to build a pergola flat ( not pitched). The length of the area is 6 metres
Home Repair	siding. I live 1 1/2 hours north of New York City. A contractor did a renovation of my home. He removed the old siding, insulat
Home Repair	building a shed on a brick foundation. Hi Dave,  I recently moved into a home with a little shed in the back. Â The old shed sit
Home Repair	Barn loft hay storage. QUESTION: My goal is to add a hay loft to the small (24'x24') barn I just built. It is supported by nine
Home Repair	creating an entrance from room into the garage. The ranch house I just purchased contains two garage areas side-by-side - the o
Home Repair	carbon fiber technology. Can Carbon Fiber technology be installed by a homeowner? Â Have been reading about it and would like to
Home Repair	Cracks in corners of foundation. QUESTION: Hi there, I have cracks in the corners of my foundation. Â I'll try to give as much i
Home Repair	How long should a quality foundation repair last. Hi Jim,  In 1996 I repaired my poured foundation wall - all four sides. I rem
Home Repair	slab for mobile home. I need to figure the cost for a Â slab for a 28' by 60' Doublewide Manufactured Home. We are hoping to upg
Home Repair	beams. I recently jacked up my cabin and had a 8' concrete basement installed. Â I am trying to get rid of posts in my basement 
Home Repair	cracks and popping sounds in walls. QUESTION: My wife and I have a 16-year old house. Always a few squeaks in the floor - no bi
Home Repair	adding a 2nd story on a 1943 pier and beam house. You advised someone that it is okay to build a second story if the house is s
Home Repair	condensation in home actually raining in home. QUESTION: I have a customer in oct of 08 after having a roof leak had the back h
Home Repair	Removing brick piers under single level house. Hi, I am looking to buy a small house built on brick piers, its built about 8 fo
Home Repair	fixing basement walls. I live in a house that is over a 100 years old. the problem that I have is I want to create a play area 
Home Repair	Condensation in Cold Room. I live in Toronto, Â I have an 8' x 8' cantina (cold room) in the basement directly under my front po
Home Repair	Precast or concrete block/Modular Home. Brian:  In my area certain modular (not manufactured) homes are affordable. Â I was wond
Home Repair	what does schedule of values mean in the contracting business?. i am new to the bidding business and am cleaning a 6000 sq foot
Home Repair	cross brace. I took the ceiling tiles down in my living room. I want to replace it with drywall. There is no cross bracing betw
Home Repair	venting lean-to roof. QUESTION: Bruce: Â I'm currently adding an addition to my kitchen that is covered by a lean-to roof with a
Home Repair	Bowing  Block Foundation. I live in an all brick ranch style home with a block foundation built in the 1950's. When I purchased
Home Repair	custom house questions. hello  I am sorry to have a few questions to ask, and I understand that some or all of them might not b
Home Repair	Water leaking in between foundation and stucco wall. Hi Brian,  We just bought this house in Utah and it is a stucco with stone
Home Repair	repair of foundation crack. Hi Ed,  We just bought a house (concrete perimeter foundation, with wooden frame) in California wit
Home Repair	my Michigan Basement is crumbling..... I have a 100 + y.o., two story, rental property in Kalamazoo, MI. The floors do slant in
Home Repair	foundation walls moving. I have a client who's foundation walls move outward in the summer when the ground dries up how can i t
Home Repair	Exterior wall water runoff. Jim,  I have a home where the slope of the roof runs East to West and the existing gutters and down
Home Repair	New home foundation failure. Wall Failure One wall of our new foundation failed during the backfill process. Â It is a deep pour
Home Repair	foundation in basement. Last year my basement flooded due to a large amount of rain. $20000.00 plus later I had new carpet, wal
Home Repair	water drainage problem. Hi Jim i live in a townhouse there are about 10 buildings no basements..We are getting water in garages
Home Repair	Existing garage extension. I have an existing attached garage. Is it feasible to extend and raise my garage. It will have to lo
Home Repair	End Wall of Screened Porch Wiggles. Dear Craig,  My husband is building a 16x18 screened porch. He has attached it to the house
Home Repair	Framing for drywall in basement with concrete. We would like to drywall an outside concrete basement wall. Â It has a window and
Home Repair	removal of fireplace. we would like to remove a brick firplace that is located on an outside wall. Â It creates a huge draft in 
Home Repair	steep staircase. Our home was built in approx. 1950. The stairs are crazy steep. The tread on them is approx. 6in. I have size 
Home Repair	foundation repair. I have an older poured foundation that is starting to leak. This foundation is almost 100 years old. When th
Home Repair	waterbed. How can I tell if the main floor can handle a king size waterbed with frame houses was built in 1965 and was moved in
Home Repair	Peeling / bubbling paint in basement. QUESTION: Have been in a newly purchased older home for about 8 months now. Â I just notic
Home Repair	Drilling/cutting second story concrete floor. QUESTION: Dan I want to install a washer/ dryer in a second story (top floor) apa
Home Repair	vertical crack in wall AFTER crawl repair. A few months ago, we found out we had moisture damage in our crawl space, and had a 
Home Repair	Creating new window openings in foundation wall. We are creating 4 new openings in our foundation wall for the installation of 
Home Repair	roof span. I have built 16x14 screened porches with 2x6 rafters and a 2x8 ridge. Â I have been asked to build a screened porch 2
Home Repair	Atrium support. Hi, i have an atrium ranch house that was built three years ago. The builder is not around anymore to ask this 
Home Repair	cottage footings. I am thinking of replacing the original block on pad footings under our cottage due to cracking/shifting and 
Home Repair	water leak in Garage. Hi, Thanks for taking time to answer all the questions. I bought new home which Â is 2007 built split leve
Home Repair	Raised ranch foundation drainage. 05/23/09   Â Â Â Â Â Â Â I have a raised ranch(35 yrs) and never had a leaky foundation. I have a su
Home Repair	hot water heaters. Is the new instant hot water heater more effecient than the old style gas heated water tank?
Home Repair	i have a 2 family house  with.... i have a 2 family house Â with a large walk up attic that i want to make into a yearround apar
Home Repair	cordless drill. -------Makita is an off brand? I hard skil is cheap ------------------  Followup To  Question -  Can you recomm
Home Repair	panels. Where is the best place to get the insulated panels,i need i method that is lowest possible cost.also is there any webs
Home Repair	waterproof cement. Hi Jim,  I need to use waterproof cement (grout) for a small water feature I am building, I need to cement b
Home Repair	wood floor. I added a room off my kitchen, it is Â 6 by 16. The contractor put down a 3/4 inch plywood Â floor over a concrete sl
Home Repair	Building a glass brick window. Hi Bruce, My girlfriend and I have bought a home which she wants to put a glass brick window in.
Home Repair	gaps in sheathing. I wish I was in tampa, but I'm here in New Jersey. Â I have two questions regarding the addition I'm having p
Home Repair	corrugated tin roof. The corrugated tin roof in my outhouse drips dew during the winter season. We have been covering it with h
Home Repair	Garage floor and apron one piece. I live in Minnesota so the ground freezes. The soild is very sandy. Â My garage floor and apro
Home Repair	extending a porch. finished porch We are looking to extend our current builder's porch (5'x8' over the fruit cellar)and roof to
Home Repair	mortar mix for cultured stone grout. I'm having trouble using a grout bag. Â Mortar doesn't want to come out. Â I've played aroun
Home Repair	Live & dead Load calculation. Hi,  I plan on building a garage this summer. The dimensions are 26 feet by 26 feet. It will be o
Home Repair	Mudjacking. QUESTION: We live in Regina,Saskatchewan, Canada and the soil around us is highly clay. Â Our 4 level split house wa
Home Repair	cracks on bricks. Hi, Dan  Our house was built in 2005. Recently I noticed that there are stair-step cracks on our exterior wal
Home Repair	siding over stucco. we have a home that is about 90 years old. Â it had wood siding on, then tar paper and then stucco. Â could w
Home Repair	opening existing kitchen and dining space. I want to take a wall down between the kitchen and living room, approx. a 14 foot sp
Home Repair	Cracked Cinder Block Corner. Mr. Hise,  I have a 1940's house in the Shenandoah Valley, VA. Â All the outer walls, including the
Home Repair	Wet Basement and concrete wall crack. Jim,  We bought a 9-year old townhouse with a finished walk-out basement last year. The b
Home Repair	Sunroom. Hi Bruce, I am looking to buy a home with a second-story four-season sunroom. Â The sunroom protrudes 5' from the side 
Home Repair	Pouring Cement in Existing Garage. Hello, I have a two car garage that is of typical pole barn construction. The  main posts ar
Home Repair	addition attachment. Hello I am planning on building a patio cover attached to the existing roof. Â To paint a picture the exist
Home Repair	Walls make popping sounds. Dave:  I hope you can help! Â We have a 10 year old wood frame with brick vineer home in the Midwest.
Home Repair	New Construction Costs Tampa. Dave,  I am considering buying a piece of land in South Tampa Fl. Â I am trying to rough estimate 
Home Repair	Broken Footer. QUESTION: I have a cape cod (1989)with an attached two car garage Â (walk in storage above). The footer at the ba
Home Repair	Foundation on a steep grade.. I am looking at a piece of land for a future home. Â I was wondering how hard is it to put in a fo
Home Repair	foundation folloup question. QUESTION: I just bought a single family one story home that was made in 1979 Â and it did have a fo
Home Repair	Concrete slab with no footings. I'm trying to find out if an addition done to my house prior to my purchase (in 2001) is up to 
Home Repair	FEMA plans for tornado shelter.. Dear Sir,  I am looking at building one of safe rooms the FEMA suggests in the document FEMA 3
Home Repair	Steel Lifting beam in garage. All wood, 24' wide x 30' long x 10' high garage in Arvada Colorado. Built garage in August of 201
Home Repair	Room extension with 3 season porch below. area for addition We live in northern Minnesota and would like to extend our livingro
Home Repair	Resetting corner marker lot line. Hi I hope this message finds you well. I am grading a lot. At the top of hill is the corner m
Home Repair	Second Storey Deck. Hi, I want to put a second storey deck on the back of my house. Â When out house was build we had the braces
Home Repair	Garden wall. QUESTION: Hi Bill,   Â As part of a landscape project i've taken on I'm going to be building a freestanding, straig
Home Repair	Maple Steps. If I install a maple hardwood floor and have steps up to it should the steps be maple also or oak wood?
Home Repair	1/2 old to  15/32 new plywood sheathing. Dear Bruce,  My house which is about 30 years old has wall sheathing which is 1/2 p
Home Repair	cracks in brick. QUESTION: Hi...I have noticed some cracks in stair step fashion on the bricks on the back side of my home. Â We
Home Repair	Driveway problem. Hi, Jim: I live in the North Georgia mountainous area. My driveway goes up from my garage. For that reason th
Home Repair	concreat  foundation. QUESTION: (my son wrote you but out of town?) We are having a temo sunroom built 27x14.9 feet/and foundat
Home Repair	slanted floor. I recently looked at a row house attached at both sides that was over 100yrs old. Â It is 3 stories that is appro
Home Repair	Cumbling basement / foundation. QUESTION: I have a home that was build (nearest estimate) around 1915. The foundation and basem
Home Repair	Garage deminsions. When having a unattached garage built and the size is 26 by 28,are these the measurements for the inner wall
Home Repair	poured concrete retaining wall. Hello,  I have a unique situation with a poured concrete retaining wall that is only 5 feet fro
Home Repair	condensation or ice dam?. We put an addition on our kitchen 5 years ago. Every winter we get water on the ceiling at one corner
Home Repair	Floor Joist. The builder used SPF 2x10 with a 16 foot span for second floor. Â Joist peppered with knots. Â Very poor quality. Â W
Home Repair	Floorplan deviation. -------------------------  Followup To  Question - Hi again I forgot to mention that the house hasn't been
Home Repair	question on building. Thanks for the quick reply Bruce!  The articles would certinaly be yours, and credit for the articles wou
Home Repair	Repairing textured ceilings.. Hello! I had my new homes ceilings finished in orange peel texture. When I went to see the finish
Home Repair	Mobile Home Construction. Hi, Â I will be moving into a rental mobile home, and I've  never lived in one. Â I don't know how old 
Home Repair	Foundation Replacement?. My house is 80 years old, with a cinder block basement. Â It is a 2 story, with several little addition
Home Repair	Residential garage door and header issue.. I want to replace two doors with one long door. Total length is 19'4. It is a brick
Home Repair	Converting Garage Attic into workshop. I am thinking about converting my Garage Attic into a  workshop. There are currently 'W'
Home Repair	concrete floor?. QUESTION: I have an area that houses kennels with dogs. Â The floor was painted prior to us occupying the build
Home Repair	new aspahlt driveway. QUESTION: I just had a new asphalt driveway installed. Old one was ripped out and stone/sand was compacte
Home Repair	Concrete footer. I saw the question about a footer being poured in two different pours a couple days apart. This is currently h
Home Repair	Slight bow in wall. I live in Omaha, NE. I am thinking about buying a house built in 1905 but there is a slight bow in one of t
Home Repair	Interior walls cracking. We live in TN, house built in 2002, house has a tall crawlspace constructed with concrete blocks. Â We 
Home Repair	Crumbling Slab Foundation. I have a 30 year old house in Southern California. Â The concrete slab is  beginning to crumble, as w
Home Repair	Foundation drainage. Hi Jim: My home had a small strip of grass, about 2 feet wide, next to the foundation, then the driveway. 
Home Repair	repairing voids in fresh concrete. Hi Jim,  I poured a small foundation for a porch enclosure today. Â There is a concrete curb,
Home Repair	Oak treads. I plan on replaceing carpet on my stairs with oak . How do I get the perfit fit on the treads and risers? I plan on
Home Repair	rock wall basement. Part of our basement has rock walls and moisture is coming through Â them . How do I get the mortal in betwe
Home Repair	crawl space water retention. I own a newer twin (2004) in a seashore community on a corner lot and only my side fills and retai
Home Repair	Cinderblock falling in. I have a second residence within 54 ft of a dam controled lake. Â At 36 it is possible to hit water. Â I
Home Repair	increasing the height of a stud wall from 8 to 9 feet. -------------------------  Followup To  Question - Thanks so much for yo
Home Repair	limestone foundation. House built in 1890. Basement under middle but crawl space under front and back sections. Limestone found
Home Repair	soil erosion along driveway edge. total depressed area is about 8ft long down the edge of the driveway along the direction of t
Home Repair	concrete spalling under a stone wall. Hi,  The property is a condo complex located on St. Thomas in the US Virgin  Islands. Â  M
Home Repair	Difference between Metal and PVC corner beads. QUESTION: Hi Sir, The house i am constructing is in the finishing stages now and
Home Repair	Effloresence on wall and concrete slab. I just bought a house in cerritos california, area use to be agriculture and dairy farm
Home Repair	Minor cracking/bowing in basement walls. Hello,   We had our 11 course block foundation inspected by an independent inspector i
Home Repair	doggy door in cinderblock building. I would like to add some doggy doors 14 (kennel) in my building, what type of headers do I 
Home Repair	leak in foundation. Daughter bought ranch 3 months ago house vacant 1 year--back yard very wet --had the back piped so water wi
Home Repair	cement fertilizer stain. How do you remove the orange lawn fertilizer color from cement?
Home Repair	Support beams taken out of basement. Hi, We just purchased a home where someone removed some of the posts in the  basement that
Home Repair	grass/soil pullling away from foundation from garage. I just recently bought a house in south Texas. I've been watering my gras
Home Repair	RECEPTICAL BOX REMOVAL. Dan  Hi, I have been having trouble removing an Receptacle box, the box itself. There are no nails or s
Home Repair	cracks. gud day    Â Â our house was build 8years ago. i have notice a lot of crack inside our house. is this normal? some of the
Home Repair	Concrete foundation. My wife & I are starting into extending our house into the breezeway between our house & garage. Â The hous
Home Repair	Building a Loggia extension. I have a couple questions. I have a new 2 story home in Tampa area. It is block first floor with w
Home Repair	Residential Structure Continues to Shift Post Structure Support Repair. I was given a gift. A beautiful 2700sq ft home 5bd 2 1/
Home Repair	materails for garage ceiling. hello,i am looking for suggestions for light weight alternative to 5/8 sheetrock for the ceiling
Home Repair	Plywood versus OSB when Building in winter. Hi Bruce, I have a question regarding the use of Plywood or OSB for new residential
Home Repair	rain gutters. I have what I believe are aluminum gutters on my house now that are getting old and some spots have rust. Â Â Would
Home Repair	mobile homes. I am moving into a 1999 Four Seasons mobile home soon (have never lived in one) and am going to ask (probably ) a
Home Repair	footers. Hi, Â we are building an addition onto our exsisting home.We live in the panhandle of FL. My cousin who has built many 
Home Repair	Adding a garage and remodeling a tuck under garage. Wondering if you see any real big problems with my addition idea. Â I have a
Home Repair	re.concrete. Yes Bruce, I drilled holes and put rebar before pouring holes.Each pole has 3- 80# bags of Quickcrete. There are 9
Home Repair	Two Basement  questions. I live in PA and am working on my basement(to finished dry wall surfaces). I have used Drylok 2-3 coat
Home Repair	insulation. i have a room above my garage that i am finishing. Â i want to vault my ceiling. Â the rafters are 2x6. Â do i have en
Home Repair	Sealing a concrete tile roof. Concrete tiles on my roof are about 30 years old and in good condition. Can I seal them effective
Home Repair	Raising a house with a limestone foundation?. Hi Ed, Hereï¿½s the background: my home is in an historic district in St. Louis, MO
Home Repair	Cottage Foundation. My wife and I are considering building a small cabin in the  Tweed, Ontario area. The ground is primarily t
Home Repair	Chandelier. Hi Bruce We are thinking of changing an old chandelier in DR with a new pendant. but our contractor says the old ch
Home Repair	Second story extension. HI! I am about to get estimates for a second story extension. We have a loft and we want to extend it a
Home Repair	vertical/horizontal crack in basement wall. Recently (four months ago) bought a house originally built in 1949. Â At that time, 
Home Repair	pergola construction. Dear Bruce,  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Hope you can help! I recently took out an above ground pool and deck. Since the po
Home Repair	replacement basement windows. I want to replace my current basement windows. The current windows have metal frames in a cement 
Home Repair	Foundation problem??. QUESTION: First off, thanks for taking the time to read over my question. To start, I'm sorry if this run
Home Repair	Pink house. Bruce,  We are considering buying a Foreclosure property her in Utah that has an exterior of brick and stone but lo
Home Repair	Need a detail. Where can i get a detail of an LVL beam to remove a bearing wall? The 2nd floor joists run parallel to the beam.
Home Repair	Pouring concrete on a slope. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Gene, I am a private homeowner. I am going to 
Home Repair	Outside Joist cut for Outside door. QUESTION: Hi, I have a contractor yesterday to install an outside door in the basement. Giv
Home Repair	house cracking. the contractor was almost finish when he notice the house was cracking were he had just put in new sheetrock. i
Home Repair	Ok to replace one side of foundation at a time. QUESTION: Hi, I have been told that one side of our foundation is pretty bad du
Home Repair	garage footing. I have a 60 year old house and two car garage of which the floor in the garage has maybe 4 large and long crack
Home Repair	home design, costs. Hello Joe,  I'm working on a basic design for a home to be built for my family. Â Generally, is it a better 
Home Repair	putting in a double sided stove. Hi Bruce, I'm putting in a double sided stove where there was originally a fire place either s
Home Repair	Holes in Foundation. Holes in Foundation I own a two story house which was built around 1939. Â It has a full basement and an at
Home Repair	sinking of supports. QUESTION: My clients have reclaimed an area of 1.5 Acre in a hilly terrain about 40 years back and had con
Home Repair	crack in foundation a problem?. I am considering purchasing a home in southern utah. it was built in approximately 1970 and has
Home Repair	Foam insulation under deck. Bruce, We had an existing deck which was extended some and an indoor outdoor room was built on it. 
Home Repair	crumbling cement beneath paint on exterior foundation. I recently noticed that there were some squishy small pockets underneath
Home Repair	basement leaks. QUESTION: with heavy rainfall water rises above the concrete level and leaks through the bricks.Water is not se
Home Repair	defective window?. We are building a sunroom addition with a large fixed window. The window is made of tempered glass and seale
Home Repair	addition shell. Bruce , i am looking at putting a 900sq ft ground level addition on, i am looking for the estimated cost for fo
Home Repair	Waterseal. I have several gallons of Johnsons Water Seal and I need to cover existing picnic benches. Â They already have Cedar 
Home Repair	indoor/outdoor fireplace. Hi Bruce, We are getting ready to start a new residential construction. Â I want a fireplace in the wa
Home Repair	roof truss deflection. I have a large commercial building in Maine that is 32 years old. It has 67' long clear span trusses. I 
Home Repair	2x2 scissor truss spacing. QUESTION: Hi, I was giving some doublewide mobile home scissor trusses that are made of 2x2 construc
Home Repair	basement corner. basement Corner of basement the cinder blocks are cracked and broke. Â Previous owners didn't divert water from
Home Repair	Is my foundation cracked?. QUESTION: My husband and i just purchased our first home three months ago.  Â Home inspection passed 
Home Repair	Pier and Beam Home. Hi Bruce,   I'm a new home owner of a Pier and Beam Home that was built 50 years ago. Â I live in North Texa
Home Repair	Installing Entrance Doors. I need to replace a garage entrance door and a house entrance (fire) door. Â I was recently burglariz
Home Repair	What kind of appliences to put in our new home. We are going to be building a new home. We live in Michigan. We were wondering 
Home Repair	1979 Roof Trusses in a Manufactured Doublewide Home. -------------Bruce, almost every homeowner takes off and replaces their ro
Home Repair	door closers. Thanks, Bruce! Â The closer I have is not a commercial unit, and doesn't have an adjustment allowing it to close s
Home Repair	Creaky Floors. Hi Bruce, we just bought a 3yr old house that has creaky floors in the kitchen/dining room. Â The floor is covere
Home Repair	Fire rated attic ladders. We are in the process of building a house in Myrtle Beach, SC. We will need a 12 foot attic ladder wh
Home Repair	Insulation in an older home. I moved a 1930's home to my property and myself and a bunch of friends made it liveable. Â Â It is n
Home Repair	Support Beam. Bruce,  I have a steel I beam (in the basement) running the length of my house. It has 3 suppot posts set aprox. 
Home Repair	Reorienting roof. I'm considering the purchase of a 1 1/2-story house on a 32'x24' foundation with a 1/3 pitch roof running len
Home Repair	Vapor barrier. Use of a vapor barrier between existing cinderblock shell and new interior insulated wood-studded wall  We have 
Home Repair	Follow up  A-Frame -3 Foundation Drop. Hello Ed, were still waiting for the 18 piers to be installed, the company as put a hold
Home Repair	Teleposts sinking. I have a 1400 square floor Bi-Level home about three years old. We noticed the back two teleposts kept sinki
Home Repair	replacing studs. QUESTION: I am remodeling a home in Shenandoah,PA. There is a wall that I am taking out between the living roo
Home Repair	Using I-Beam braces for lat movement. QUESTION: I live in Kansas City and my 60 year old house I moved into last year has later
Home Repair	leaning piers & cracked exterior walls. Leaning Pier I am looking at a foreclosure, and I toured the house today. Â Besides some
Home Repair	Concrete block size. Hi,  I am building a 2 story house using concrete blocks drystacked and coated on both sides with SBC (Sur
Home Repair	Back Addition to Los Angeles Home. QUESTION: Hi Bruce,  We are building an addition to the back of the house. My question is ho
Home Repair	Possible Foundation Issue. Photo 1 Â photo 2 Â  Ed,  First of all, thank you for taking my question. My question is regarding my 
Home Repair	My basement is turning to dust!. Why would basement walls start falling apart and turn to dust? Is there a remedy for 50 year o
Home Repair	wet basement. I own a home built from 1955. Â It has a full basement with cinder block  foundation. Â I live in Illinois. Â Plus, 
Home Repair	Wall and ceiling seperation. I live in Tennessee and my house is a split level. Down stairs is a garage and a finished den.  --
Home Repair	2 buckling basement walls.. Hello, Just a little note to let you know that the anchoring system is already in place. Â This syst
Home Repair	can u pls tell me the causes of movement n how it should b repair?thank u. The subjects comprise of a detached granite built, 2
Home Repair	Water problem. Hi Jim, I have a rather annoying water problem in my basement. I have tried to no avail to seal what I thought
Home Repair	FLOODING IN DINING ROOM ADDITION. THE FOUNDATION OF MY DINING ROOM ADDITION(BUILT PRIOR TO OUR MOVING IN - WAS A SUN ROOM) IT I
Home Repair	bowed outside wall. Hello Jim,  My husband and I are considering purchasing a home built in 1840. Â However, we noticed one of t
Home Repair	sump pump backup option. Hello,  I have two sumps in my basement that get regular use a few times a year. Â We have high water t
Home Repair	heavy storm basement leakage. We recently purchased a house that has a known basement leak during heavy rains (unfinished basem
Home Repair	Bulging wall. I have a bulging basement wall. I have seen in the past that engineers have used I beams concreted into the floor
Home Repair	Shifting wall from ground to roof. Hello: Â Our home was built in 1974. It is all brick, ranch with 3 car garage. We have been i
Home Repair	support post sinking. I have a 40yo ranch with a double garage and two separate wooden garage doors. Â the two doors are separ
Home Repair	Garage Concrete Slab. I have a old garage that I am going to rebuild the concrete is in very poor quality in sharp and will hav
Home Repair	house/trailer. Hey ...I originally asked a question a while back about this house i was redoing. Â But things have changed since
Home Repair	Peaked Roof Angles and Cuts. How do I figure the angles and cuts to make a peaked roofed?
Home Repair	Burnt house foundation. I just bought a plot of land with a burnt house that was block wall construction. Some walls have falle
Home Repair	Support Posts for 3-season porch. Dear Ed,  I have a 35'x13' unfinished 3-season porch. Â The fellow before me supported it with
Home Repair	Creaking Walls. Hi Mike  I read a question from one reader about creaking in the house and wanted to  get your advice as well. 
Home Repair	Question on wood patio cover and weight it can bear. Hi, I have a wood patio cover attached to 2 story house. Attachment is by 
Home Repair	failing Foundation ?. I am leasing a two stories house built in 1940's. I am very concern about our safety. Over the last 6 mon
Home Repair	Foundation surface. Hi. I'd like some advice to repair/resurface our basement walls. The house is in Montreal and was built in 
Home Repair	attaching house to garage with a breezeway. good day, i have a 30 x 30 detached garage that is about 8-10 feet from my house. i
Home Repair	Identifying Timber Frame Construction. Rear view Hello, What's the best way/ways to identify when a building is timber framed o
Home Repair	Header Beam Span. Hi,  We have a patio on the rear of the house that has a wood framed cover. Â The cover is 16' x 24'. Â The lon
Home Repair	Consequences of foundation repair. My husband and I are thinking of purchasing a house that is new construction, but the toe wa
Home Repair	Converting a temporary foundation into a permanent one.. Hello,  My wife and I are currently looking to acquire a new home. Â We
Home Repair	Pergola constuction. I plan on building a pergola which will be approximately 12' x 24'. Â I would like to have only 4 posts wit
Home Repair	limestone steps. Dear Bruce, I recently had a new porch installed.For the steps I had purchased limestone slabs. In the beginni
Home Repair	Constructing concrete block door opening and installing door. QUESTION: I am building 12 in. concrete block walls to support st
Home Repair	Contractor not holding up to deal.. My wife and I are having our first home built. The contractor will tell me Yes i will get 
Home Repair	Bentonite soil near foundation. We live in the Denver metroplex, which is semi-arid. Our 1989 home was build on Bentonite clay,
Home Repair	adding sheet insulation under vinyl siding. Hi, I have a stick built home that has 1/2 inch foam insulation under vinyl siding 
Home Repair	Adding 2nd story. Our house has the original garage converted to family room and bath, which we now use as a master bedroom. Co
Home Repair	Underground cold storage. I would like to build an underground cold storage 20' x 60' using 12 wide block for the walls (concr
Home Repair	Rusted crawl space jacks. QUESTION: I have several rusted out jacks Â Â the problem is replacing them .. I only have a little ove
Home Repair	Cutting Exterior Brick wall to add bypass door. What is the proper procedure for cutting through a brick wall to add an exterio
Home Repair	Rain during pour. I had a residential foundation pour that started at 9:00am and finished pumping at 10:40am. The problem is th
Home Repair	Removing Eaves for New Patio. I am building a new patio to come off the existing double  brick house. I am planning on taking t
Home Repair	Concrete Slab addition. Hi Bruce,  I live in New Hampshire in a 1000 sqft home that is a slab on grade with no frost walls or f
Home Repair	Draftsman. I am thinking about being my owm general contractor to build my dream house in Palm Coast Fl. I am in the process of
Home Repair	basement and swimming pool. hi, can you pls tell me what is the basic difference in the construction of basement and that of sw
Home Repair	attic/bonus room. I have a large attic with an area in the center about 10x25 wide by long and 9' from the top of the exisitng 
Home Repair	Raising a mobile home. I'm flirting with ways to add an apartment for my aging mother. Â We have a triple wide mobile home. Â Wou
Home Repair	Truss modification. I have a 40 x 60 pole building with clear span 14' ceiling. I have constructed a 20 x 40 rec room at the ea
Home Repair	bird mouth. How do I figure the angles for the birds mouth cut in the roof Rafters for differant pitched roofs? Â Thank You.
Home Repair	foundation/brick repair. QUESTION: The concrete blocks on which the brick walls of my house rest, are deteriorated. Â I'm replac
Home Repair	Replacing Headers. How do I replace 2 -2x12x20' headers which are attached to 4-6x6 posts and support a 12'x20' deck which 
Home Repair	Sinking Chimney. We have a 2-story home built in 1912. The chimney is dead center in the home and through the years has sunk ab
Home Repair	headers to replace load bearing wall. QUESTION: I'd love to open up the kitchen I am remodeling. I have a load bearing wall tha
Home Repair	moisture bildup in winter. I have an addition on my trailor that is on a cement slab.Is not insulated or heated in the winter. 
Home Repair	ridge board supprt for roof slopes less than 3:12. QUESTION: I'm in California and have a question about CBC or UBC 2320.12.1 f
Home Repair	Should we buy a home with a cracked basement, but will be fixed?. Hi Mr. Mc Elroy,  My husband and I saw a townhouse that we re
Home Repair	Basement Window. Bruce, I'm remodelling my walk-out basement. I have a large sliding door to the outside. On the adjacent wall,
Home Repair	Options for extending a concrete slab. I have a single story house built on a concrete slab and would like to extend the footpr
Home Repair	widenining doors in load-bearing wall. I am installing 36 doors in 2 walls to make a bathroom wheelchair accessible for my bro
Home Repair	mortar nightmare. Dear Bruce:  My husband decided to fix the cracks in the mortar joints of our brick porch by spreading a maso
Home Repair	Floor support. Hello, I am planning on tiling a kitchen floor, 20ft x 27 ft., 3/4 OSB subfloor, 2x10, 16 on center span from f
Home Repair	vinyl siding - diagonal installation. thanks for the info...I can deal with measuring the angles and I'm sure I will forget on 
Home Repair	house jacking. We have a bungalo style house built in the 1920's. We are jacking the main beam that runs lengthwise through the
Home Repair	Lifting ceiling joists. I am considering purchasing a home that is 8 years old. Currently the master bedroom and adjoining hall
Home Repair	remodeling with slab foundation. We are looking to buy a resale home in an area (central Texas)where about 75% of the homes are
Home Repair	Extending onto trusses. Hi Bruce, We are looking at extending our home but i'm not sure how to join trusses to create extension
Home Repair	steel column extensions. I am looking to remove an old steel column in my basement, and a wood crossmember and replacing it wit
Home Repair	Cement/Sand Ratio. I am thinking of constructing a wall (red facing bricks)at the rear of my garage. Just wondering if you coul
Home Repair	House wrap/RB. I have an older singlewide mobile home, & the insulation has an R-rating like a kleenex. Could I use a R/B House
Home Repair	Reorienting Garage Door. We have a square garage, and would like to add a garage door on the far end and access the street from
Home Repair	concrete pool patio. I just had an inground pool put in. Â I am having the concrete patio around the pool put in next. Â They are
Home Repair	new home framing. My husband and I are building a new home. Â We are in the framing phase and have noticed that many of the 2x4'
Home Repair	loft in a porch. Hi Bruce, I would like to add a storage loft above my porch. Â I have recently had our porch screened in with 2
Home Repair	Wall anchors for a sheared and bowing concrete block wall. I have a sheared and bowing concrete block wall in my garage (undern
Home Repair	repairing plaster ceilintgs. Hi Jim:  I am renovating a 40+ year old house. Â The ceiling has got a semicircular swirl pattern. 
Home Repair	wet basement walls. I dont know if it matters but i live in rahway nj.I live in a ranch home with a full basement built in the 
Home Repair	Basement Block Wall Shear and Spalling. Good day, I have a house built in 1986. When I bought 3 years ago all the basement wall
Home Repair	Foundation leaks. We have a home with a poured footing/block wall foundation that sits entirely on bedrock. Â There is only abou
Home Repair	FOUNTAION PROBLEMS. DEAR ED,WE ARE IN THE PROCESS OF BUYING A HOME AND HAD IT INSPECTED. THE INSPECTOR FOUND SIGNIFICANT DAMAGE
Home Repair	Cracked and Bowed In Block Foundation. QUESTION: Recently purchased a single family residence in LI/NY with a bowed in and crac
Home Repair	Pier and beam/slab house. I live in Huntsville, TX in a house that was built in the 40s. Â That portion of the house is pier and
Home Repair	firplace leaking. QUESTION: My Split level house is 32 years old (we have lived there for 4 years). We live a very wet and sand
Home Repair	floors seem to be sloping at doorways. Our home is only 1 year and 1/2 old and I have had a lot of problems with squeaky floors
Home Repair	stamped concrete patio. I had a home built in Manitoba, Canada a few months ago. I would like to have a poured concrete patio 1
Home Repair	extending slab. Hello, I am looking for advice on extending an existing shed slab. Â We currently have a storage shed measuring 
Home Repair	Marble Flooring. I have been collecting beautiful samples of an amazing crema marfil ashlar patter with chisled edges for 2 yea
Home Repair	outside wall vs. patio. My house was built in 1946 by the owner. I live in the Seattle, Washington area. Â Rain and damp 350 day
Home Repair	Span limits for rafters on workshop. Need span limits for 2x6, Â pine or fir, as well as spacing. Deck will be 7/16 OSB and will
Home Repair	Cutting a Birds Mouth. What's the best tool to make a bird's mouth cut on a rafter? Â Saws with a circular blade won't leave a n
Home Repair	Foundation/floor leak. I have lived in the same house for 25 years. I never had any leaks until a GIGANTIC rain storm in Sept 0
Home Repair	foundation crack through entire wall. QUESTION: Hello I hope you can offer some insight. My home is 5 years old. the home was b
Home Repair	Installing bulkhead stairs. I am planning on installing bulkhead stairs, for exterior access, as part of my basement finishing 
Home Repair	Adding a garage door. Hi, I would like to add a couple of doors (one overhead garage door and one 36 exterior door) to my exis
Home Repair	Concrete in backyard. Bruce,  Would appreciate your advice.  I am in the Los Angeles area. Need to cover a part of the backyard
Home Repair	Builing house in raining days. Dear Expert:  I have a doubt for building houses in the rain. December in California is raining 
Home Repair	15% slope lot. Hello, Any sugetions on how to go about a 15% slope, 50 by 100ft lot concrete foundation?
Home Repair	Replace load bearing wall with extra joists?. QUESTION: Hello,  As part of a kitchen remodel we want to remove a load bearing w
Home Repair	steel vs. cinder blocks in safe rooms. I am wondering if there is much difference in the safety of a safe room made out of cind
Home Repair	Design/build costs. QUESTION: Hello -   I am planning an extensive renovation and addition to a 23 yr old center hall colonial.
Home Repair	Closing a carport. We have a carpot in our house and I want to close it to convert it into a room. Â What do I need to do? Do I 
Home Repair	Extending a 2nd floor of a colonial in Rahway NJ. Approximateky how will it cost to extend a 2 nd floor. The extension would be
Home Repair	laying shingles in a valley set. I have added a 10' x 16' addition to my home. walls are done and rafters are here I would like
Home Repair	yard soil erosion. Hi, Bruce, I recently bought a home in the Orlando area in an established community with an HOA. Â Our backya
Home Repair	Drywall covered dropped ceiling. 100 y.o. house. Â 10' ceilings 1st floor are killing the gas bill.   Goal: Set new ceilings at 
Home Repair	Garage Storage Upgrade. I have an existing truss system roof over my garage. The trusses run from side to side, span is 25 feet
Home Repair	CESSPOOL. Steve  Hi, I'm not certain if you can help me, Â but is there any simple way to locate a cesspool. Â I have an idea whe
Home Repair	hardiplank and caulk. I am using 8.25 inch x 12 foot hardi plank with a 7 inch exposure. It is proper to caulk the horizontal l
Home Repair	Tilted Foundation- Southeast Texas. Mr. Eckley  I am looking to purchase a home built in 1970 that has had foundation repairs, 
Home Repair	Foundation Vents. QUESTION: I am building a house in California. Â The house is on a raised foundation (about 2 feet off the gro
Home Repair	pier and beam addition (building up). Hi! I live in Waco Texas. We have a pier and beam home.We would live to extend our living
Home Repair	Post and beam foundation. house slope and founda My house is a single story, 480 sq ft, built in 1940's in Tacoma,Wa. It has a 
Home Repair	Blueprints. Can you tell me which section the site plan fall under in a set of blueprints, and which abbreviated letter it has 
Home Repair	maximum chandelier weight. Bruce, I want to replace my existing dining room chandelier with a heavier one. Â I am trying to dete
Home Repair	Remodel 50s Ranch. First, to raise the ceiling joists 1 foot to gain ceiling height. It has a hip roof 5/12 with 2x6 rafters 24
Home Repair	Basement support. I have a Ranch home built in 1975. Â My floor joist go only half the distance of the home and are match with a
Home Repair	hip roof design. hoping you can help me i'm looking to try and find a blueprint for a hip roof for a 8x8 shed i have general fr
Home Repair	Build a cinder block support in crawl space for floor. QUESTION: What is the correct way/steps to build a cinder block support 
Home Repair	Screwing down subflooring.. Hello! I would like to know what the proper procedure is for screwing down plywood subflooring befo
Home Repair	Speed Square. We are putting a roof over our outdoor bar and the instructions call for us to cut the 2X4 at a 30 degree angle. 
Home Repair	winter building. our builder has told us that there is no problem building in winter nor is there extra costs. They do not have
Home Repair	Pier and Beam vs Concrete Slab. Hi, I live in Texas. We have a home with a pier and beam foundation, but the garage is on a con
Home Repair	Concrete garage floor. The house I recently bought has an attached one car garage with a concrete floor. Â Someone has reparied 
Home Repair	Waterproofing exterior real stucco that has been painted. What is the easiest and best way and what product will waterproof ext
Home Repair	Fibre concrete floor. Dear Mr.Griffin We have a case when in the basement the fibre concrete garage floor finish (5 inches thic
Home Repair	floor load for whirlpool tub. I am thinking of installing a whirlpool tub - 54 x 54 (corner tub), with a  floor load rating o
Home Repair	Concrete slabs separating. About 2 years ago I installed a brick walkway on a concrete base in front of my home. Â To install it
Home Repair	concrete porch slab & steps - repairing pour. QUESTION: Hi, Â We recently contracted to have a new 10' x 24' porch slab with six
Home Repair	Creating a master suite from an existing storage space. Hello, My husband and I would like to take an existing storage space (t
Home Repair	Attach a ledger to a brick house. QUESTION: I am attempting to build my own addition. I have fairly good all round construction
Home Repair	Put dry wall on ceiling in the basement. Dear Dan, I try to put dry wall on ceiling in the basement and want to make it as high
Home Repair	Sun room foundation. I have an existing sunroom that is on a framed foundation. It is a modualr/panel type sunroom, similar to 
Home Repair	drywall. My house has an addition. Where the addition meets the original house there is a wood beam. Â They had covered the wall
Home Repair	Install 6 foot exterior french door in brick wall. QUESTION: We have an exterior brick veneer wall(whole brick with wood frame 
Home Repair	brick stair repair. QUESTION: I have a very experienced mason that wants to repair the mortar joints on my brick stairs by usin
Home Repair	Basement painting. I am struggling with picking the right colors to paint our basement. Â I would like to paint the basement cei
Home Repair	porch roof truss. Dear Marc, Â We have a 22x12foot covered porch with 'W frame truss. Â We would like to remove the ceiling and 
Home Repair	Door Headers. QUESTION: I cannot find the specs for the size of door headers I need on a garage. Â The doors are on an exterior 
Home Repair	waterproofing a basement. Need to waterproof and finish the basement of our 1918 craftsman bungalow. It is 1524 sq. ft. and has
Home Repair	One basement wall bowiing. Hello, I live i southern Michigan and have been told by the excavator that does the work around my h
Home Repair	Verticle drywall crack in home corners. I live in Charlotte, NC in a 2-story vinyl sided, slab foundation, home built by a trac
Home Repair	basement stair step horizonal cracks. We have horizontal stairstep cracks in mortar only. The home was waterproof sealed in 19
Home Repair	HELP: WATER GOING THROUGH BASEMENT BLOCK WALL. QUESTION: Hello Jim ï¿½  Thank you for your time and insight. Â I have a basement w
Home Repair	horizontal crack in wall. A question about crack in wall. We live in a house that was built in 1978 in Iowa area. In our house,
Home Repair	Bowed foundation. QUESTION: I live in Pittsburgh Pa. I about to sell my house and I have a bowed wall about 3/4 of a inch out i
Home Repair	collapsed driveway. I recently bought a foreclosed house with a collapsed driveway. I spoke to 1 of the neighbors who told me t
Home Repair	Replacing foundation?. We are considering buying a hundred year old farm house in Cumberland VA. Â  It needs a great deal of wor
Home Repair	stepping stair crack. QUESTION: i live in winston salem nc and have a stepping stair crack in my foundation..i've had two compa
Home Repair	New/Old foundation cracked. I moved into my house 4-5 years ago. Â The seller disclosed that they built onto the house about 8 y
Home Repair	Spring in Garage. Our home is 1 year old and since it was new, there has been water in the garage where the slab meets the conc
Home Repair	Basement Foundation Cracks. My house was built in 1982, has a full unfinished basement.1100 square feet up and down. I live in 
Home Repair	Plumbing leak in Foundation ?. I noticed today my water bill was more than double. I looked around the outside of my old L-shap
Home Repair	Cracks in basement floor despite control cuts. Hello Jim,  My wife and I just built a house in Windham, Maine. Â The foundation 
Home Repair	Drivet. I need any information on a house built with the foam drivet system that you can give. Â I am selling a house with this 
Home Repair	Modular vs Steel Frame. I have a question about modular and steel frame houses. Â I want to do what is most COST efficient---wha
Home Repair	cedar use w/conrete. Hi Bruce,  Thanks in advance for taking the time. Â I want to use cedar for a post to support a pergola (7.
Home Repair	Footings for a concrete slab. I have a 40 year old cottage and would like to add a second floor. The cottage is on a concrete s
Home Repair	INSTALLING NEW WINDOW. HI, I HAVE A HOME THAT IS OVER 40 YEARS OLD AND HAS ASBESTOS SIDING.I AM TAKING HALF OF MY GARAGE AND CO
Home Repair	turning deck into a sunroom. hi andy my question is my deck is 13 by 14 feet how deep do the cement tubes have tobe in the grou
Home Repair	cedar use. Hi Andy,  Thanks in advance for taking the time. Â I want to use cedar for a post to support a pergola (7.5 ft above 
Home Repair	porch Roof. I am adding a porch to a Cape Cod style home. Â The porch will be 50' long and only 6' wide. Â I will likely use 4x4 
Home Repair	foundation filt. HI Bruce, I'm in the process of buying a house that has cracks in the foundation. Â I had an inspection of the 
Home Repair	window trim. We are in the middle of construction on an addition. We are putting in all new green Anderson windows. Now that th
Home Repair	Slab home construction. My wife and I are considering a move to an adult community in Northern Illinois. Â We have always had a 
Home Repair	Lighting rods. Dan, We are designing our new home which will be at 4200' in an open mtn range in SE Arizona.Would you install l
Home Repair	Handmade Garage Doors. Hi,  I saw your answer to the guy asking about building a garage door for his earthship garage. Â I am bu
Home Repair	Horizontal Cracks in Basement Concrete Block. I have a 15 year old house in New Jersey with an 8 inch concrete block foundation
Home Repair	does deck need flashing?. We've had a property assessor state we need flashing between the deck ledger board and the siding. Â O
Home Repair	Vending Machine in House. I'm getting a full sized vending machine for my home and at full capacity it weighs 880 lbs. Will the
Home Repair	basement wall. Jim, similar problem to previous ones. In this house for 1 year, basement is  hollow block wall construction. It
Home Repair	Addition foundation. I am designing a addition. The house has a full basement. The owner want the addition built on a concrete 
Home Repair	Would double 2x12 work here ?. QUESTION: This is a ridge of a new higher pitched (6/12) roof that is built over old 2/12 one. O
Home Repair	ATCO trailer addition to house. Would like to be able to set down atco trailer leaving three feet of space from building to be 
Home Repair	Basement Leaking. Hi Bruce, I have a problem with water seeping into my basement. It only seeps in during a rain storm. The par
Home Repair	Fence door interupting stairway at a landing. Landing I am in San Francisco California and I have two flights of outdoor stairs
Home Repair	Enlarging crawl space opening. Sample Pic The crawl space under my house is 6' high at the lowest place (by the door). Â The doo
Home Repair	bowing block wall. Hello we recently bought our first home and love it but their is a wall bowing in the basement looks to b ma
Home Repair	building a half wall in the living room. I live in a split foyer home. At the top of the stairs there is a row of staircase spi
Home Repair	Support of post between garage doors. I have a home in Georgia built in 1992. Â Within the past year, I've noticed a small 1/8 t
Home Repair	Concrete in heavy rain. I have an outdoor sign to install. The sign is held by (2) 2x2 squre steel posts. I must dig 3.0 ho
Home Repair	mudjacking procedures. I have looked at a a lot of different websites about the mudjacking process and how it is done. Â One thi
Home Repair	foundation cracks new house. QUESTION: Hello We are in the process of building a new house house is now roof tight,windows are 
Home Repair	siding as a barrier. Bruce: Â I'm replacing old chalky aluminum siding I took off the house with vinyl. Â I'm also bringing some 
Home Repair	header beam info. Aloha Bruce, Is there a chart that is used in carpentry framing to determine header beam sizes for different 
Home Repair	Foundation and Footing. Bruce,   I am adding a 12x24 2 story addition to my house and would like to know how to attach the new 
Home Repair	1850 home has big problem... We purchased a home from the 1850s the home has a michigan basement. The walls in the basement are
Home Repair	Hole in crawl space wall, etc. Hole in crawlspace wal Â  Hi Randy,  In one of the walls of the crawl space, there is a hole as t
Home Repair	Calcium deposits on concrete block foundation wall. IMG_0835.JPG We are considering buying a partially completed home that has 
Home Repair	concrete slab for 20kw generator. I have never poured concrete before. I know the slab has to be 4inches high.  About what does
Home Repair	wood frame home in FL. We recently moved to Florida from the north and purchased a wood frame home. Our home owners insurance i
Home Repair	concrete help. I,m building a house that's 30'x40', 14'high walls,(two story with loft). I,m unsure if I should use a slab or a
Home Repair	adding floor. Hi- I have a 2-story home, and the living room is open, it does not have a floor above it except for the 2nd floo
Home Repair	foundation skirting suggestions. Hello. Â I have a 1920s home built on a post and pier foundation. Â There is no concrete skirtin
Home Repair	vapor barrier question. I am hoping you can give me some advice on this subject. Â We recently experienced a frozen pipe which c
Home Repair	Building a deck over a concrete porch. I would like to build a deck over the concrete front porch of my row home, but I would a
Home Repair	footings and piers. I have to pour 36 x 36x24 footings with a 18 sonotube pier on top.the piers  are about 4' high......Can
Home Repair	Foundation Repair. I have had 3 estimates so far to fix my foundation. Â All use totally different methods. Â They also are very 
Home Repair	Attic convertions. My roof area frame out lumber is 2x4 or 2x6. The 2x12 floor support beams are over the garage area, that is 
Home Repair	Basement window well sump pump. Hi Ed. Â Let me first describe the issue. We have a basement window well that has a drain that g
Home Repair	flaking concrete blocks. My house was built in 1952. Â After the snow melted, I noticed a bubble like thing. Â I touched it a it 
Home Repair	Foundation. I am looking at purchasing a foreclosure house that was built in 2007. Â It was built on a hillside. Â The house is a
Home Repair	clay based soil effects on foundation and repair suggestions. QUESTION: We have a townhouse in Kaneohe, HI that was built in th
Home Repair	where to start. Hi! My family owns a home on a piece of land that is quite large. I would like to look into putting a modular h
Home Repair	Green Building Summary. Thank you so much for taking my question!  I'm in the beginning stages of sketching out our dream home
Home Repair	insulating concrete block. Hello! I can't seem to get a clear answer around here, where there are too few block houses, on how 
Home Repair	Is this beam ok?. I am building a home here in Japan. The home is basically a Viceroy home being imported from Canada. The home
Home Repair	Concrete window sill. Â Â I need to lower a 6 ft. window in a concrete wall. Can I re-use the concrete sill or do they sell them.
Home Repair	Concrete Driveway Slab Sinking. Our concrete driveway has (6) 8' x 8' sections to it. One section on the outer edge at the lawn
Home Repair	Removing Stipple. I am wondering how I can easily remove the stipple from a celing so that I can bring it to a flat paint gra
Home Repair	gravel driveway. Mr. Johnson, I am putting in a gravel driveway to my new house. Â Do you recommend a base of any particular siz
Home Repair	General Contracting. Brian:  My name is Chad. I am purchasing a 2.2 acre lot for around $200K in Cobb County, GA. I have obtain
Home Repair	concrete dowels gone wrong. I am pouring a walkway on the side of my ranch style home in southeast louisiana (soil subsidance i
Home Repair	Extras markup. What would you say is industry standard for markups on extras and change orders?
Home Repair	monolithic slab- garage floor. Hi,  Our garage floor is a monolithic slab. When it is humid and rains. The floor get wet and th
Home Repair	Bowing Brick Wall. I recently inspected a 1920 home with a a field stone foundation with a brick supporting foundation between 
Home Repair	Foundation Block Divots. I have a house built in the mid 70's in which the foundation was made of concrete block. The walls hav
Home Repair	Full basement in Texas black gumbo. I am planning to build in North Central TX black gumbo soil and would like to have a fu
Home Repair	suspended slab construction. how can a suspended slab be constructed using baked clay hollow bricks with 3/4 inches metal rods?
Home Repair	Hello  What are the pros.... Hello  What are the pros and cons of building a home on slab or with crawl space?  Thank you, Â Â Ga
Home Repair	basement under garage. QUESTION: I want to build a 2 car garage with attached shop in my backyard. The footprint will be around
Home Repair	Foundation-Water Seepage. I just recently renovated my home. The joint where the new foundation wall meets the old, I am gettin
Home Repair	Leaking Floor. In the process of expanding the kitchen wall out into flushed existing concrete deck, my contractor put pressure
Home Repair	eletrical surge. Hello Dan i have a ? for you: i live in a house built in 1990 in California with copper wiring,i have lived in
Home Repair	housebuilding questions. Hi Dan,  I'm sorry to bug you again, but I never got your first answer to my question, because I had m
Home Repair	Replacing fascia board- no soffit. Sealing attic. upclose trim Hello Mr. Griffin,  Â I have removed the outside trim and old gut
Home Repair	addition. Hi Bruce,  I am trying to extend the family room over my existing patio. It measures 13' by 23'. minimum electrical w
Home Repair	New Header. I recently had a three panel door installed in the back wall of my family room which used to be a garage. Â The door
Home Repair	adding to a roof. mom's house's roof lin Hi Bruce, Â I saw a question from 2008 that was similar to my issue, Â My Mom's house ha
Home Repair	enclosing garage with french doors. we have a double car garage and would like to enclose with french doors. Â we also have a 10
Home Repair	basement flooding. I am desperate for help! Â I am getting heavy doses of water through my cove joint in one corner of my baseme
Home Repair	Water in basement. I have a water problem in my basement. Â There is a concrete slab on two sides of my house and it seems that 
Home Repair	building a wall with a doorframe and window. hello! We are sectioning off our living room and need to build a wall. It needs to
Home Repair	CARPENTRY. Easy question, I have been building a deck, my first one. I measure twice and cut once, but every time the cut is of
Home Repair	live load. I want to replace my existing bathtub with a Jacuzzi whirlpool that requires my floor be able to support 50 lbs per 
Home Repair	window in block exterior wall. Hi Bruce, I have a home built with 4X8X16 Block. Â I want to install a window 5'w X 6't in my wal
Home Repair	Garage Storage Loft. I have a 3 car garage with a 13' ceiling in a finished garage, 2003 construction. I want to build an 7' lo
Home Repair	cutting lumber. I need to cut an angle on an existing deck joist so that I can expand the area. It will be similar to a bay win
Home Repair	Covering t-111 indoors. About 23 years ago we added a sunroom off our house and did the interior in T-111. It has served us wel
Home Repair	older houses. Hi, I'm looking into buying a house in Chicago, and I'm trying to figure out the difference between brick and fra
Home Repair	Foundation problems - Minor or Severe?. Rear right of house, f Â  QUESTION: I'm planning on buying a house and have found that m
Home Repair	How to seal foundation and concrete slab joint. QUESTION: I hope this is the right place to ask this question. Â I bought a home
Home Repair	Old block foundation. Hi Jim.  My question is about my mother's house located roughly 60 miles east of Montreal, in Quebec, Can
Home Repair	Steel Load Bearing Beam. QUESTION: Hi there,  I have a new home under construction. Â I happened to sneek in to see how construc
Home Repair	Framing. I have framed in a bedroom, closet, and a bathroom in my attic all on 24' center (walls and ceiling). Will this suppor
Home Repair	Space under home. For some reason my home was built with open space underneath the kitchen and above the foundation. It seems t
Home Repair	Basement Pellet Stove through foundation install. I am installing an Englander 25-PDVC pellet stove in my basement. Â The baseme
Home Repair	Old house with floors caving in?!. The house the my mother lives in was built around 1907 and has two stories with an attic. Th
Home Repair	Tearing Down a Brick wall. I would like to know if there is an easier way to tear down a brick wall? We are using a masonry chi
Home Repair	2nd floor weight limit. I am currently turning an attic space into a home theater room. Â I was able to find some chairs from a 
Home Repair	insulating add on room. Hi Dave Thanks for your time. I have built a 10' x 10' room in the attic to use as gun storage and relo
Home Repair	What type of expert do I hire to help with stabilization issues?. Hi! Â We own a small 1920's bungalow in Massachusetts. Â We hav
Home Repair	Remove fireplace surround. Bruce, I bought my house and it has gas logs with a black slate surround. Â I would like to replace t
Home Repair	repair. I need to replace the gas pipes. they are located under the house. the problem is there is only one opening into the cr
Home Repair	house pilings. hi, we are currently interested in buying a house that was built in 1902. Â There was a previous contract on the 
Home Repair	Crawl space humidity. Back in 2005 you spoke of a ventilated crawl space as the answer for humidity. Everything I have read for
Home Repair	reaction of caulking to siloxane. Hi Bruce - Me again. Â You talked about the reaction of certain caulking to the siloxane. Â If 
Home Repair	Poured concrete basement wall pushing in. I have a ranch style home in the Kansas City area built in 1973 with a full basement 
Home Repair	Settlement Problems. Hi!  I live in Huntington WV. We live in a rancher with a crawl space about 2ft or 3 ft. The house is appr
Home Repair	basement crawl space. QUESTION: hi, i am digging out a partial basement not all the way around my house but atleast the back ha
Home Repair	Strength of a Plywood Box. Hi Bruce,  I had a friend of mine who is a general contractor install an electric hot water heater f
Home Repair	buckled doors. QUESTION: I have a set of french doors going from my kitchen out to my deck.They have 2 /2x10's as a header layi
Home Repair	SEALING BASEMENT WALLS. Mr. Griffin,   My home is 5 years old and it was built in Southern Maryland with poured concrete walls.
Home Repair	removing load baring wall. We plan on removing a load baring wall on first floor and will replace it with header and support co
Home Repair	ventillation. We built a new home in 2005. We notiiced our vinyl fllors curling up, floors warping and wet spots in our bedroom
Home Repair	adding a beam to an old house. ceiling structure I'm working on a structural problem in my 1909 house and trying to decide how 
Home Repair	blackened stud framing. Hi Bruce, We are renovating our kitchen, and after removing drywall and door frames, have discovered so
Home Repair	laminated beam. We are putting an addition on our house and combining rooms. we wanted to put a beam where the present room wil
Home Repair	adding floor over two story living room. Hi, Placing a floor over a living room that is 14 feet wide and 19 feet long. I would 
Home Repair	steel stock for main support. Good Morning,   Question, is there a calculation lets say for ï¿½ Â x 8ï¿½ thick piece of steel stock 
Home Repair	Fiber-cement siding in area of standing snow. Our condo HOA is considering replacement of cedar siding w/Hardiplank or other br
Home Repair	Crack in foundation of new house. Hello, I am about to close on a duplex built in 2004 which has two flaws. One is that the two
Home Repair	Driveway sinking & cracking help needed, please?. Hello Mr. Pratt,  I hope all is well with you. I hope you can help me with th
Home Repair	Foundation in basement under porch. Inside basement wall Â  Outside porch vent Â  QUESTION: Good morning Sir: I live in Nashville
Home Repair	Leaking Red Clay Foundation. We bought our 1930s two-story colonial house in northern Ohio (heavy solid clay soil) during a dry
Home Repair	i have a weeping basement wall. i live in a house that was built in 1908 old yeah i know. how can i get the weeping to stop whe
Home Repair	Horizontal Crack around entire foundation now leaks. My house was built in 1959. Â It is a single story structure with a poured 
Home Repair	Paver Patio moisture. Last Summer I installed a clay paver patio set in sand over crushed stone. Â The sub-soil does not have al
Home Repair	Erosion Problems. We live in a hilly neighborhood. in the past few years the dirt around our back yard has started to wash away
Home Repair	Crack between asphalt driveway and foundation. Hi Ed, I read you answer to a previous similar question - 1 crack between aspha
Home Repair	1950's house with basement, foundation cracking. I am looking to buy a house in the panhandle of Oklahoma. It is the plains so 
Home Repair	Expansive Clay, Crawlspace and Micropiles. Can micropiles be used in a crawlspace to support main girder beam? Â What about the 
Home Repair	Driveway Repair. Hi Ed,  I am in the process of redoing my driveway. While tapering my base course, the ground wouldn't stabili
Home Repair	reinforce foundation. QUESTION: old house in Calif.with weak foundation (not slab; 8 inch concrete 'curb' to which mudsill bolt
Home Repair	Basement wall cracked and bulging. My house was built in the 70's. It has concrete block basement walls. It had waterproofing d
Home Repair	least expensive home building. My husband and i have a 55 yr old house on pier and beam that continuously sinks in one corner. 
Home Repair	deck building. I want to add a trex deck surface to an existing concrete patio to match the deck next to it. The deck will be t
Home Repair	Roof Pitches. Hi Bruce Here in New England we get winters where there may be 3 feet of snow at a time on the roof. I'm making a
Home Repair	Hanging a front door. Hi Dave, Â I hung a Simpson front entry door with a prehung frame and a pair of sidelights. Â I'm trying to
Home Repair	Basement Floor. Is there anything that I can do to minimize the basement floor movement?  Â Background: @10yr old Log Ranch, 125
Home Repair	Home Addition. We(husband & I) hired a design and build company to do our home addition. Â We had so many problems with getting 
Home Repair	open concept wall. I would like to increase the opening between the kitchen and family room. Currently there is a 30 inch door 
Home Repair	plumbing and hot water heaters. I am in the early stages of building a 28' x 42' all year cabin in northern Wisconsin. I have t
Home Repair	foundation problem. We recently had our foundation poured three days ago in WI. Â We are having a walk out basement, so the back
Home Repair	builing a summer kitchen on our deck. Hi! Â We have a new home on 8.5 acres in the woods and have a cleared area for home and de
Home Repair	16 foot garage door support. On 16 foot garage door with two stories of brick on it looks like some sort of metal support spans
Home Repair	Removal of a telepost.. I have an open concept home, but in the unfinished basement there is a support telepost that goes again
Home Repair	loft extension in a bungalow. About 7 years ago we had a room put into the loft space by a competant builder that is in laymans
Home Repair	insulating filler for cinder block cells. I'm wondering what the best insulation is that I can pour into cinder block cells. I'
Home Repair	wisconsin state concrete codes. is there state codes regarding how much above ground a concrete pier needs to be when being use
Home Repair	putting an opening in an existing, wood, load-bearing wall. Hi Stephen,  I would like to put an opening, +/- w.7' x h.81, thro
Home Repair	header/load distribution. I'm planning to install a set of french doors into an interior load bearing wall on the first floor o
Home Repair	Opening up Closed in Porch. I just purchased a home and the previous owner closed in the existing porch on the front of the hou
Home Repair	Use of a hole saw. I need to drill a 2.5 diameter hole through the plate and floor, a total of about 3.5. Â Drilling will be f
Home Repair	community theater remodeling. My little community theater group is remodeling a building that was filled with offices into a bl
Home Repair	floor load ratings. What is the dead, live and concentrated load ratings for a raised floor constructed of 3/4 5-ply plywood d
Home Repair	set tumbled marble tile on drywall. I'm building a kitchen island and planning to set 4x4  marble tile on the 1/2 thick drywa
Home Repair	reseal concrete driveway. I have a stamped concrete driveway that needs to be resealed. I was told that there are water base, o
Home Repair	Remote Cabin Foundation Help. Hi Daniel  Â Â   I'm planing to build a cabin in a remote part of Alaska. it will be 24ft. by 24ft.
Home Repair	insulation. QUESTION: Hi, I live in Fargo, ND so the climate is much like MN. We have a house that was built in 1890 and needs 
Home Repair	Ceiling insulation. Ted, I am building a 28 x 40 gambrel barn style cabin (house) in West Central Wisconsin. Â The interior is c
Home Repair	'Springing' floor. Hi  I live in a Victorian house and have been experiencing springing in the suspended timber ground floor. Â 
Home Repair	Tricky Interior Wall. Three Pics of Area I need advice on how to build an interior wall with a few hiccups. Â First, the home is
Home Repair	max. span on 2X6 double headrer. Hi, I'm just putting a roof over my 12 by 28 deck and need to know how many supports I need in
Home Repair	adding attic floor. my boss wants me to add an attic to a room in his clinic, I know better but would like to ask professional 
Home Repair	OSB on walls. QUESTION: Hi. When installing the OSB (Aspenite) on the wall, does the shinny side go outside or inside. Â Also, i
Home Repair	Basement floor replacement. Hi Ed, I have a single storey home with a full concrete basement. It was built in 1955. it is 40 fe
Home Repair	House sagging in the middle. My home is 116 years old and has seen a lot of settling, mostly directly under the center of the o
Home Repair	Unlevel Floor Joist. Gene,  My family and I bought a house that was built with unlevel floor joist. We had an inspector and a s
Home Repair	Building poured concrete steps, using concrete block as a base for the steps. QUESTION: Bruce,  I would like to expand on your 
Home Repair	new building panels. Have you used Â the new building panels called AzTex...or A tec.....saw a boat that used it Â and would like
Home Repair	Cracks in basement block walls. I have horizontal cracks in the grout in the top course of concrete block in my 1990 ranch hous
Home Repair	Breeze Block sealing. Hi,  Â Â I have recently had some stable blocks built out of breeze blocks. The blocks are pourous as expec
Home Repair	enlarging a slab foundation. I am thinking of purchasing a property in upstate New York with a single-wide mobile home on a sla
Home Repair	Painting brick foundation. I am remodeling my attached garage. Â I have installed new drywall and will apply epoxy to the floor.
Home Repair	siding on new addition. Hello Brian, we are planning a 2 storey addition to a 1933 timber siding house. We are on a budget but 
Home Repair	Window Glass. I don't see anyone else who might know about window glass so would like to ask the following: I am having a small
Home Repair	ideas to fill ac hole in cinder block wall. aside from window and cinder block (the 2 obvious choices) are there any kits/stand
Home Repair	waterproof exterior stucco. Please tell me the best way and product to waterproof real exterior stucco that has been painted se
Home Repair	Carbon fiber cost. Jim,  I am getting some estimates on carbon fiber installation and the costs seem a bit high. About $630 - $
Home Repair	shifting foundation. Greetings Mr. Eckley,  In 1986 my parents purchased a single story home located in Central Texas which was
Home Repair	French Drain Installation. QUESTION: I am considering the purchase of a home (built in 1994, pier & beam foundation). Â The owne
Home Repair	Pool foundation sinking. We had a concrete in-ground swimming pool built 6 years ago. We live in the southwest where we are clo
Home Repair	Foundation problems in Lubbock, Tx.. I have a 14 year old brick veneer house on slab. Drought problems have caused one corner t
Home Repair	deep footings. Future home please explain to me how I would set footings and foundation to construct a 2 storey above ground ho
Home Repair	water seepage in basement through broken concrete. I am looking to fix a hole in the concrete around my drain pipes. Â We had un
Home Repair	Foundation shifting/leveling. Our house is 30 yr. old. Its seating on unstable Â soil. With recent drought in Round Rock, Texas 
Home Repair	Foundation Corner Pitching. Hi Ed!  I'm interested in purchasing a home. Â It was built in 1971, no additions or changes have be
Home Repair	support beams and building matterial. Dear Mr. Johnson, I just came across your site and found it to be very informative. My qu
Home Repair	Cralw space vents. I have a cinder block house wrapped with full size brick. Â The air vents for under the house do not have scr
Home Repair	building services. i have a room whcich is measuring 25*20*4m which requires ventilation by means of a fan and a duct work to p
Home Repair	Concrete slab foundation. I want to build a cabin on our lake lot (northern MN) with a concrete slab foundation. We are on a ti
Home Repair	building a house with blocks. Hi agian, thanks for answering my question, your information is very helpful. I would like to kno
Home Repair	Wall creaking after new siding was installed. We have recently had James Hardi siding installed on our 22 year old home. Â Durin
Home Repair	Load bearing wall beam requirement. rear view I have a 2 story home that I want to put an addition on the rear lower level. Thi
Home Repair	garage door repair. Hi Bruce, Recently (I don't know if coincidentally), my garage door started having a problem. Â The door can
Home Repair	Bedroom floor weight limits and seam crack. QUESTION: we have a home built 1992. The upstairs bedroom was converted into a medi
Home Repair	building material for home. I'm looking to buy a second home in the St Augustine area of florida. I'm considering 2 homes one i
Home Repair	basement ceiling insulation query. QUESTION: I have fiberglass insulation in between the pockets of joists on my basement ceili
Home Repair	Beam size and material. Dear Ted I want to build a beam out of 2x10 or 2x12 spruce or fir. This beam needs to span 40 feet with
Home Repair	Slab or Joist. We are adding an extension onto our home. Â Current home has a basement - so first floor has joists. Â The extensi
Home Repair	master bedroom addition. I want to add about 300 sq. ft to the back of my ranch style home. how do I go about getting this star
Home Repair	Foundation Repair. Hi Mr. Eckley,  I would like to know if the pilings with the pile guards are much better in quality than the
Home Repair	Supporting Wall?. Hi Bruce, I have recently just bought my house, and now wanting to knock down a wall in the kitchen. I unders
Home Repair	window replacement. Hello,  I live in a 2 story wood frame house in Florida that was manufactured in 1986. I am having an origi
Home Repair	basement studding.... Hello, I have a few questions regarding basement studding to finish it off. I'm in the process of finishi
Home Repair	attic framing/reinforcing. I'd like to use some of my attic space as storage. Â I'm planning on sistering up the existing 16' 2x
Home Repair	Insulation ceiling. Problem: My bedroom is directly above the garage, and the furnace/AC unit is on the opposite side of the ho
Home Repair	Florida Homes. Bruce,  I understand that homes in FL are usually of 3 types - frame-built, concrete or, manufactured. Â Is their
Home Repair	header requirements. I need to know what the spec is on a header span. I have a load bearing wall in my kitchen. Im opening the
Home Repair	replacing beam. I have a support beam that spans about 13 1/2 feet across in my kitchen that i need to replace. there is a seco
Home Repair	bad texture?. My wife and I purchased a mobile home in Nov. 2013. The house had an odor that we thought would go away after ope
Home Repair	dirt basements. Good day sir we live in Calgary Alberta Canada and are very serious about buying a house that has a dirt baseme
Home Repair	Termite damage on attic truss. Hey Bruce, I have an older home (1962) that has some previous termite damage on a ceiling joist 
Home Repair	Roof slab in Typhoon.... Hey, hope you can help. I'm an expat living in the Philippines and I left my roof pour to the 'experts
Home Repair	Window Framing. I am drawing plans for my new home in Richmond, Virginia. Â It's a 1 1/2 story design with cathedral ceiling ove
Home Repair	floor joists splitting. Hi Bruce, I have an old house(cir.1860's)in NorthEast Pa. and for some reason,say within the past year 
Home Repair	DOME HOME ROOFING. Mr.Burson Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â I live in a Dome home with a shake roof. The shakes are get
Home Repair	New house crawl space. What are the advantages and disadvantages of a crawl space floor being covered with cement or left with 
Home Repair	Installing Clapboard. Bruce,  I am planning on putting up clapboard. I 'kind of' helped a guy do put it up a long time ago and 
Home Repair	Framing angled walls. We are finishing our basement and we want to put together two walls that will meet at angles. Â I'm trying
Home Repair	Ventilation & mold. Hi. My mom lives just west of Minneapolis, MN and owns a 3-bedroom ranch-style house with a finished baseme
Home Repair	string level. Are string levels accurate and how do you use them? Where do you put the string Â level , in the middle of the str
Home Repair	Decks. I recently built a deck out of acid free treated lumber. Â When can I put a protective coat on it?
Home Repair	Adding to concrete slab. My house has an existing outside patio consisting of a 20' x 8' 6 concrete slab, 4 thick that grades
Home Repair	Driveway Discoloration. Hi Bruce:  My driveway was paved (asphalt) 2 months ago. About a week ago, I painted the garage floor (
Home Repair	Exterior Basement entrance. I have a poured concrete foundation in my home and I would like to put an exterior entrance from my
Home Repair	Adding on. Hi Brian, We are thinking of adding onto the side of our house 5x25. It would help greatly with the value. My partne
Home Repair	Moving cabin. Hi Bruce,  I want to move a small 11 by 14 cabin over 5 feet. I don't have room for large equipment. Can it be mo
Home Repair	Cracks in the foundation. Hello Bruce, Today, while the carpet guys were removing the old carpet in my house, I noticed that th
Home Repair	Concrete Slab and Sewer/Water Lines..... Mom is wanting to take part of the 45x60 foot barn and create a living space above in 
Home Repair	Concrete step. Hello and thank you in advance for answering my questions... The step down in and out of our front door is too h
Home Repair	aluminum siding. Hi Bruce   Â Â I just put up 8 in. aluminum siding with an insulated backing on a new garage. The pieces are des
Home Repair	window cracking. I lived in an apt for last 2 years and w/in that time, i had 2 of the 3 panes of glass in my huge living room 
Home Repair	Digging trench for Interior Weeping Tile. How far away from a foundation wall should I dig if I need to go 1 foot down? The fou
Home Repair	structural foundation. This house was built in a lower lying area in a Chicago suburb. The lot rreceives runoff water from its 
Home Repair	water under slab/expansive soil???. I live in Vero Beach, Florida.My home is going to be 2 yrs old in March.Our yard is always 
Home Repair	basement walls bowed. My basement walls are bowed in on both sides and slightly on the back wall. The walls have been stabilize
Home Repair	adding footers to pre-existing slab. i have 4 inch thick slab in my backyard poured 50 ft x 12ft Â .I recently added a  roof ove
Home Repair	Garage/Shop Addition. QUESTION: I am planning on building an addition onto one side of my two-story 24'x 36' garage/shop. The f
Home Repair	Home Slab Construction. My wife and I are considering a move to an adult community in Northern Illinois. Â We would like to down
Home Repair	asbestos tile exteriors. Hi Bruce:  I have decided to go into residential real estate rehabbing and have begun work on my secon
Home Repair	pond leak. QUESTION: Hi Ed, Hoping you can help me. We bought a place with a small stream fed pond in the backyard. It has a sm
Home Repair	1912 house horizontal cracks. QUESTION: Hi there, my husband and I are thinking about putting an offer on a 1912 two storey hom
Home Repair	Foundation Crack and cracks in drywall. QUESTION: We recently purchased a home that was built in 2005. Â On the side of the hous
Home Repair	4/1/2004 Making a Garage Door. QUESTION: Hi Mr.Johnson, I have also been looking to build my own garage door, due to they are t
Home Repair	Major settlement and cracks in slab foundation. Hello Ed, I live in Northern CA.. My home was built in the 1940's originally as
Home Repair	House Creaks during wind gusts. Master berdroom framin Â  QUESTION: Hello, I recently added an addition to my house and now find
Home Repair	basement windows. Thanks Bruce that sounds great for the dyer & sump hose. I am familiar with the tapcon screws, I will fasten 
Home Repair	previous foundation repair/floors now uneven. Hi Jim, I just bought a 35 year old house in Houston that has had previous founda
Home Repair	Attaching a deck to concrete block walls. I am aware of the process used to attach deck framing to a plate but what do you do w
Home Repair	Basement wall cracks and Bowing Exterior Wall. QUESTION: Nick,  I have a problem with my basement walls and exterior home's bri
Home Repair	Concrete Porch/brick veneer wall flashing. Bruce, I'm in the process of designing a 42'x 6' roofed, concrete front porch for my
Home Repair	Roof Pitch. What does 3-12 roof pitch mean?
Home Repair	Design/Contractor Question. Hi,  Thank you for answering my question. My husband and I bought a piece of land and hired a desig
Home Repair	Porch addition. Bruce, I want to build a 20 x20 covered screen porch and tie it on to the back of my house with a gable roof co
Home Repair	Flashing for a Shed Roof against existing Brick Veneer. QUESTION: Hi Bruce - question about flashing and attaching a ledger boa
Home Repair	chimney leak into basement. QUESTION: Intermittently, when it rains, I get a leak behind my outside chimney into the basement w
Home Repair	Bentonite/foundation stabilization. Re: your response to Lee 3/24/09 foundation stabilization & repair  We have a somewhat si
Home Repair	sag and spring in condo floor. QUESTION: I recently bought a 22-year-old condo on the second floor of a two story complex in Sa
Home Repair	uneven floors. we bought an old house which sits on a dirt basement accsess is in a lift in the kitchen floor with stairs going
Home Repair	1926 basement with bowing walls. QUESTION: I live in Central Illinois. During the recent floods, I had sewage water backing up 
Home Repair	manufactured walls. We have a manufactured home, 1987. Â We would like to take out some walls and add others, but we can't tell 
Home Repair	basement cracks. My house was build about 8 months ago The house is about 3700sq ft and has a full basement.  I am experiencing
Home Repair	Slab foundation shifting?. Hello! I am getting ready to buy a one story house built in 1977 on a concrete slab foundation. Â I l
Home Repair	drywall repair. I had two wall heaters taken out, and the repair guys put in a rough drywall for both of them. I've read the we
Home Repair	Stone over log home - additional question. Bruce, I appeciate your explanation that my husband asked about our log home being c
Home Repair	Stone over log home. We have a log home, built in 1988 that is need of log restoration. I'm interested in placing manufactured 
Home Repair	load bearing walls. I want to remove a wall inside my house to make it a more open floor plan. How can I tell if it is a load b
Home Repair	Adding Brick to existing home. I am thinking about removing the vinyl and adding brick to the front of an existing home. Does t
Home Repair	Shed. Â Im wanting to build a room outside my house so i could store my tools, i want to make it out of that red brick, maybe yo
Home Repair	window jombs. Dear Johnson, Thanks for your reply, my brick work is external. my contractor saying that, after brick 1/2 plywoo
Home Repair	installation prices. How much would be a reasonable price to charge for a 10 X 10 room, with 10ft. walls, and 10 X 10 ceiling, 
Home Repair	Removing a pre-fab fireplace and redry walling the entire wall. the fireplace is galvanized steel insert - steel chimney goes t
Home Repair	adding an in-law suite. My husband and I are looking to buy a home and we've been looking at existing homes with in-law suites.
Home Repair	basement floor diagonal crack wall to wall. cracked slab Â  cracked slab 2 Â  QUESTION: Hi. I would sincerely appreciate any help
Home Repair	PANELING. Hi. Â About 3 years ago, I installed laminated wood paneling in my finished basement rec room. Â I have since regretted
Home Repair	Roof trusses vs. rafter construction. Hi Bruce, I am in the process of designing a 14x26' garage and wish to mimic the hip roof
Home Repair	Repair Center Beam. QUESTION: A contractor told me that my center beam in the crawl space of my house was rotted and needed to 
Home Repair	Pool house flooring. QUESTION: We are in the process of remodeling our backyard and I need to purchase flooring for the pool ho
Home Repair	Crawl Space Air control. Is it better to encapsulate the air in a 4 foot crawl space or use an air conditioning system like Atm
Home Repair	settled foundation. My foundation is limestone and settled. What do I use for shims and where do you recommend I get them? Than
Home Repair	Crack in Foundation. We are in the process of buying a home & have come across one that is perfect but have noticed a couple of
Home Repair	Footer in Florida room  and leakage. Jim:  I live in Florida, my house was built in 1964 and recently remodeled. Â Along the nor
Home Repair	Basement Window Well. I just bought my home and I have a big problem. My basement window well fills up and eventually floods my
Home Repair	Rubble Stone Foundation. We are doing a major rehab/rebuild of a 100 year old farm house with a stone foundation. Â Building Dep
Home Repair	walk out basement door. We purchased an older home 1yr, we have renovated the home top to bottom, and replaced the sill in the 
Home Repair	a vertical crack in the exterior wall. crack Hi Jim,  I found a crack in the exterior wall. In the image, it's below the window
Home Repair	bowed garage wall / tree pressure on wall. garage wall Hi Jim- Just bought a home with a detached 2 car garage. Â Walls are stac
Home Repair	repairs to crawl space piers. We are buying a house that was built in 1985, it is on a crawl space with pier supports. Sometime
Home Repair	Basement slab lifting. We are looking at a house to buy that in the past the basement slab lifted the middle of the house and t
Home Repair	Bad Pour causes moisture issues in basement. Basement Crack/Bad pou We are re-finishing a bad basement job and when we pulled d
Home Repair	interlocking blocks/trapped water. I have interlocking blocks patio attached to the entire length at the back of my house in SO
Home Repair	raise foundation or raise house frame. Sorry, I lost the question and only kept all the details of the last note when I transfe
Home Repair	Plaster Wall of basement. I have a house that was built in the early 1930's it has stone walls from the foundation to the roof.
Home Repair	Foundation Repair - hesitant to buy the house. Layout of Home with Pi Â  Dear Mr. Eckley,  I am buying a house in Houston, Texas
Home Repair	cracks in wall after pier work. I had 13 piers installed around my house to correct foundation problems when I bought this hous
Home Repair	applying a foundation coating inside a crawl space. I have a split level home. Â The crawl space is under the main floor and one
Home Repair	Lowering a basement floor?. Hi Ed, my wife and I are thinking about purchasing a home in the  Washington, DC area. Â The one we'
Home Repair	No seal on Window well. Mr. Hise, Like most we have some water seepage in our basement. Â We fixed the downspouts and grading. Â 
Home Repair	hardiplank nailing flange right?. Hi and thanks in advance.  We're doing some extensive remodeling and replacing some windows w
Home Repair	Cut three arches into bearing wall. Hi, Bruce. Â I have a 30' bearing wall between the kitchen and an add-on sunroom. Â I'd like 
Home Repair	Adding onto a manufactured home. Hi again bruce, I think I was not clear about part of my question. Â I also have a question abo
Home Repair	concrete house. What are the pros/cons about moving into a concrete house with hardwood floors built late 50's central NC?
Home Repair	Weight of concrete slab. I have a 8x8 slab 4 inch thick, that i need to move about 40 ft in the backyard. Would you know what t
Home Repair	basement crack and water leaking. We have been living in our house (1965) for 3 years, and have been very lucky to have a fairl
Home Repair	crack in block basement. We are looking at buying a house that has a huge horizontal crack in the cinder block basement. Â It go
Home Repair	existing piers location. QUESTION: Jim,  I live in NE Oklahoma in a traditional style home with 2 floors, the lowest being a w
Home Repair	Alteration to change a carport into a living room. I wish to transform an existing carport which has dirt floor into a living r
Home Repair	wood frame vs concrete block. I'm looking at making a home purchase in Florida. Several hurricane's have ripped through here in
Home Repair	cracking in sheetrock/drywall in new home. diagonal crack over te We entered into builder's contract to build a new home; the h
Home Repair	Home foundation repair. I have a basement home that the corner of the slab floor has cracked and brick has moved about an inch 
Home Repair	foundation wall repair. poured concrete basement has cracks that allow water to seap in what product do i use to seal the outsi
Home Repair	repairing foundation. we recently dug through the foundations of our 3 storey semi detached brick built house to install a wate
Home Repair	Uneven Floors and ceiling cracking. Hi Ed, I have a similar problem as Dale. Â However, our starts at the entrance of the house.
Home Repair	tilting brick foundation. A house built in 1890: we are renovating this house and noticed water damaged wood in kitchen and bat
Home Repair	Soil is moist under slab.. While replacing the bat tub I noticed an opening around the drain that measured 2 by 6 foot and the 
Home Repair	Concrete slab sagging. Jim  I live in New Mexico about 20 miles south of Albuquerqu and my house is a wood frame stucco Â built 
Home Repair	crumbling granite block. Hi Ed,  I live in a 120 year old 2 story Victorian in New Hampshire. It has a full and  dry basement w
Home Repair	Cracking / settling in poured concrete foundation. Our 6-year-old poured concrete foundation (walkout basement) has some signif
Home Repair	walkout foundation. plan hi Ed i am going to build a villa in a steep slope(45 degree) lot .can you recommend me how i can buil
Home Repair	foundation leaks between slab & house. Hi, Jim - I recently bought a Lustron home, which is a 1949 all metal home that and sits
Home Repair	foundation walls leaning in. QUESTION: I have a 1920 Chicago Style Bungalow with a 7' tall basement. Â Â The basement foundation 
Home Repair	Builders. QUESTION: I am in the process of building a new house. Â The paid for only a 2 car garage. Â The builder accidentally p
Home Repair	Roof Construction - Palm Harbor Mobile Home. I own a 1995 Palm Harbor 18 x 80 mobile home. It is a single-wide. I want to add a
Home Repair	weight limits on 2nd story. I would like to buy an oak painting station for artwork that is rather large. The piece of furnitur
Home Repair	Re and Re a suspended concrete slab. My builder has agreed to remove and replace the suspended L shape concrete slab in our hou
Home Repair	Using joist hangers, or not.. I am designing Â a small recreation cabin, 12x20 plus a deck, for Tok Alaska. The foundation will 
Home Repair	Tile floor. Randy,  I live in Florida on the gulf coast. My wife and I just moved into my in-laws house about 4 weeks ago. I kn
Home Repair	mold on recently wall papered wall. I have a wall assembly that is made up of 8 concrete block that has smooth stucco exterior
Home Repair	Oak Tree Lifting Foundation. QUESTION: A large oak tree located only several feet from house has lifted the foundation of a cra
Home Repair	Structural Soundness. The interior of my 15 year old house is showing signs of of concern. The sheet rock at every 24 inches un
Home Repair	Building my own house. Dear Mr Griffin  I am looking to build a 3 bedroom 2 bathroom house in England, UK.   I would like to kn
Home Repair	Add Load-Bearing Beam On Top of Retaining Wall for Patio Enclosure/Conservatory. Hi Mr. Griffin,  We have a 2 tier stone and mo
Home Repair	3 season to 4 season cabin process. I have a cabin in western (Luck) Wisconsin. it is 24 by 40 on 6x6 piers. Ther front is abou
Home Repair	sunken floor-cracked floor joist. I have a house that has two cracked joist (because they were notched)and the floor is sunk ab
Home Repair	foundation/tar. QUESTION: Hello Mr. Johnson,  I'm having a kitchen addition built on my home. Â Unfortunately, my contractor has
Home Repair	Beam size needed to remove a load bearing wall. Main Floor Drawing 1 Hello Ted.  I plan to make a number of changes to open up 
Home Repair	Best lumber size for 16x20 pergola. We (husband and wife team) plan to install an attached 16x20 pergola this spring; the 20' s
Home Repair	Removing ceiling tile and finishing Existing Drywall. There are ceiling tile in the kitchen. They were put up using furring str
Home Repair	connecting two moblie homes. I live in a 14 x 70 mobile home an I just got a 12 x 65 mobile home an I would like to know if I c
Home Repair	Removal of a mobile home on a concreat slab. Hello: Â I am considering purchasing a piece of Real Estate that has a ugly mobile 
Home Repair	Bearing Wall - opening and spanning. In my basement I want to tear down about 9 feet of bearing wall and a 3 foot doorway and s
Home Repair	1935 Block Foundation with a humped Kitchen Floor. My house has a concrete block foundation that had seemed to have sunk before
Home Repair	drywall as an exterior siding. I just bought a home that is about 3 years old. Thought it had a stucco or dryvitt siding in the
Home Repair	Patio enclosure. Hi Dave,   I am also and all experts in the electrical division, but carpentry is way beyond me.   I have a 
Home Repair	gambrel roofs on barns. Is there a formula for building gambrel barn roofs with correct angles in the roof.
Home Repair	Span limits for pergola. I am building a pergola that will be measured 20'x8'. Â I am wanting to make the span over the 20' with
Home Repair	bearing wall or not?. Dear Bruce,   I want to remove a wall between kitchen and dining room, but I am not sure if it is a beari
Home Repair	Working with (auguring through) aggregate. I am going to build a deck to my new modular home. Â One spot requires me to drop a S
Home Repair	Identification Keruing wood. Hi Bruce, Am at present working on a project using Keruing wood for structure.Would be most gratef
Home Repair	Washer/Dryer on 2nd floor. Live in Virginia. Â Remodeling and putting washer/dryer on second floor of our 2-story residence (cur
Home Repair	Tall post replacement. I'm working on a project where I pointed out 3 footings supporting two story 40'x20' decks are heading d
Home Repair	Replacement windows in a block house. I live on the beach in Pinellas County and want to replace all windows in a two story hom
Home Repair	Mono to Mono. My home has a mono slab and I am adding an addition to my house. Join one slab to another slab both are Mono slab
Home Repair	Sizing correct steel support beam. Hi, I am removing part of my rear exterior wall for a addition, I need to add a support stee
Home Repair	load-bearing or not?. I bought a flat in a 7-story block of flats built in 1930s. The flat is on the 2nd floor so there are 4 f
Home Repair	renovation dilemma. We purchased a 150 cape cod with a .35 acre lot and were looking to build an addition recently it has come 
Home Repair	detached garage bathroom. I want to build a bathroom to our detached garage, Â Â Â Â Â can i run a 4 drain pipe to the city main se
Home Repair	Window installation. Mr. Major, I am building a new home in Orlando, FL. I'm concerned about the installation of windows I saw 
Home Repair	Building an interior wall. Hello. Thanks in advance for the info. We are converting our two car garage into an office. We would
Home Repair	windows. I am having new windows put in. Â There is a piece of wood that is on the outside bottom of the old window. Â They are p
Home Repair	grade or slope. how would you to measure a handicap ramp on a side walk if it needs a grade for the wheelchair
Home Repair	fire proof door. what fire proof rating metal door do I need for my attic door from my garage. the door is three by three. Â Â Â Â 
Home Repair	Siding options for Minnesota lake cabin. We are building at cabin (28'x38')north of Park Rapids, MN. It will be seasonal but bu
Home Repair	Pergolas & caulk. We recently had to replace about 70% of an 8 year old pergola due to dry rot & a small amount of termites. Â D
Home Repair	Windows on new construction. Hi Bruce:  My husband and I are building a new house here in the South. The house is a story and h
Home Repair	LOLLY COLUMNS. I'M RENOVATING MY KITCHEN AND REMOVED A WALL WHICH CONTAINS A LOLLY COLUMN, NOW ITS RIGHT IN THE CENTER OF THE R
Home Repair	moving a concrete planter. QUESTION: Hi Dan;  I'm hoping you can answer my question. Â We want to expand our patio to the north 
Home Repair	fitch plate. I have a garage door header that is sagging about 3/4. It's a 15 Ft span. The header is made of two 2x12's. No fi
Home Repair	Wall added without a permit. I'm in the process of busing a home and in the disclosure the seller has mentioned that he has bui
Home Repair	Adding roof over patio. The project is to build a low slope roof over my patio and my question is what is the proper way to ins
Home Repair	foudation. QUESTION: Hi Bruce,I have a ? for you,the term Recap a foundation what does that mean ?, the ? is a California based
Home Repair	Insulating a room with cement block walls. In our pastor's home, the bedroom is on the south side and the exterior wall is ceme
Home Repair	Dead load. I have recently taken on a bathroom project that now has me concerned with the dead load I have created by construct
Home Repair	wall opening. I have a two story home. With an existing breakfast nook addittion. The opening is on the old exterior wall. The 
Home Repair	taping vaulted ceilings. What is the best way to keep the peak of a vaulted ceiling from popping. I have done it twice now and 
Home Repair	Heat N Glo firplace insert - draft. I have a Heat N glo fireplace insert in the 6 year old home I bought. It is model # SL-750-
Home Repair	residential elevators. Hi! Â My husband and I are preparing to build a green-as-possible home  on a challenging lot (25' max for
Home Repair	Pouring concrete footings/stem walls. Andy, Thank you for your response...just to clarify, when we are pouring the concrete int
Home Repair	Brick cutting. We had a door build and when the installer went to install the door the exterior aluminum on the door frame is a
Home Repair	Exterior Insulation/Water&Windproofing. We are having a home built for us in by a company who prides themselves on comfort hom
Home Repair	demolishing a deck and extending cement patio. I have a deck off of the back door of my home. I want to demolish the deck . Und
Home Repair	reinforcein roof trusses. I want to strengthe roof truss (made of single 2x4 pine.  Â I thought I could add anther 2x4 ( small d
Home Repair	Basement insulating. I am working on finishing my basement. Â My block walls were dry loc'd a few years ago to help keep moistur
Home Repair	replacing a post with a beam connector bracket ?. Hello, My living room and dinning room was hold up by 2 large beam connecting
Home Repair	connecting two singlewide mobile homes. QUESTION: My family desperately needs more space. Â We live in a tiny two bedroom mobile
Home Repair	Weight on Second Floor. We want to put a home office on the second floor of our house. Â The room has an outside wall and a wall
Home Repair	berming an existing house. We have a slab built home with 1 x 6 constructed walls and fiber-cement siding. Is it possible to ea
Home Repair	Attic floor. Hi, I have a victorian terraced house and would like to use our attic either as storage or as a room if possible. 
Home Repair	Raising building on slab foundation. Dan, Is it possible to raise a building on a slab foundation in order to meet new flood re
Home Repair	Stucco and Landscaping. I come across homes in the upper-midwest where the home has stucco applied right down to final grade or
Home Repair	insulation. I had asked you about insulating a ceiling in a room under a front porch. Â I have heavy condesation building up on 
Home Repair	Anchoring Timber to Uneven Rock. QUESTION: I know this isn't house related, but it is construction and design.I am trying to de
Home Repair	foundation standing water. QUESTION: We live in az and have a couple spots around foundation that when it rains the water will 
Home Repair	Flooring for basement. Hi:  We live in the northeast and in the process of finishing the basement. Our watertable is a bit high
Home Repair	humidity on cinder block wall. QUESTION: hello nicholas, i purchased a home built in the 1920's with a finished basement. Â i re
Home Repair	Demo Plaster Wall. QUESTION: In the process of removing a tile backsplash in my kitchen, I realized my walls were constructed o
Home Repair	Leaking Chimney.... We have had a leak from the chimney (an old non functioning chimney) a few times when there has been extrem
Home Repair	academic purpose. QUESTION: sir i want to know about the method for estimating earthwork for mounds and what is this dead man m
Home Repair	Helical Tieback Flooding. outside of house We have a house that is less than 2 years old and built on the side of the hill. Â As
Home Repair	drainage. When installing a French drain system, how far away from the house foundation do you begin the trench? Â Would one foo
Home Repair	finishing a below-grade basement. QUESTION: Hi few questions pertaining to finishing a below-grade, concrete, basement if I may
Home Repair	Michigan Basement In Mississippi. QUESTION: Our new (1922)house has a half finished half dirt basement. If I close off the di
Home Repair	Foundation repair screw jacks v/s block piers. Need to add additional support under the house in stair area to correct drywall 
Home Repair	foundation vents. Jim, This isnt exactly the area of experise you've listed, but maybe you can help. Â I live on the Delmarva Pe
Home Repair	cracks/odour in basement. My 50's era house has many cracks in its concrete basement floor which have white powder around them.
Home Repair	leaky foundation. Jim, I live in KC where leaky foundations are common. Â I just bought a house where the seller disclosed 2 win
Home Repair	cracked ceiling means foundation trouble?. Jim, Our house is a split level with a basement. Â The cracks are along the ceiling o
Home Repair	water from neighbors leak in the basement. My neighbors toliet had a leak in it which destroyed her house and leaked water into
Home Repair	foundation problem?. Hi Jim,   I am actually in Nova Scotia, Canada. The living room and dining rooms are on a poured foundatio
Home Repair	Foundation/masonary repair. Hi Jim,  I have a crack on an exterior wall, running from the ground, between concrete brick founda
Home Repair	protecting concrete slab. I own a home in Frisco, TX. Â Soil is mostly clay. Should I put soaker hoses around the foundation in 
Home Repair	Foundation Concern on a Potential New Home. My husband and I are looking at buying a brick house built in the 1920s. Â It is a l
Home Repair	foundation crack. My house is 37 years old. Â It is a 2 story house with basement and concrete block foundation. Â I was told fil
Home Repair	lintell insertion. i am reconstructing a property in uk  and wish to remove an existing catnic preformed steel lintel and repla
Home Repair	foundation at ground level. Thanks for the helpful advice. Since then I ran a hose by the foundation to see exactly where the w
Home Repair	Hairline crack in new foundation. Hi Jim,  We are building a new home that is almost complete. It has a poured concrete foundat
Home Repair	FOUNDATION. Two questions: I own an 80 year old end row house in Baltimore, MD and its foundation wall is made from stones (may
Home Repair	outside cracks on foundation. Hi Jim. Thanks for answering my question. Â I guess the reason why I prefer to fix crack from outs
Home Repair	2 story sag. I live in a commercial brick building built around 1900. Â It is basically solid, but the center support beam is sa
Home Repair	Turning my deck into a three season porch. QUESTION: I was wondering if you could help me out with a few questions i had about 
Home Repair	Driveway expansion joints. Hi, Â I am in the process of forming for a concrete driveway 12' wide x 62' in length. Â What I need t
Home Repair	insulation of conrete block. My son has an old concrete block house he is renovating. He has furred the inside walls with 1x2 f
Home Repair	wood strongback. I want to remove an 18 foot long bearing wall and support the ceiling rafters using a strongback made of wood.
Home Repair	header. I want to add on too my family room. I would like to keep a flush ceiling. Â The exiting truss 4/12 pitch, spans 17 feet
Home Repair	Sandy Mortar in 1930's Stone Foundation Wall. Ed I would like to buy a house outside Boston that was built in the 1930's with a
Home Repair	building a new house with an in law suite. My wife and I have been looking in the St. Petersburg/Clearwater area for house with
Home Repair	Raised patios against foundations. When constructing a raised patio against a house when the height of the patio is taller than
Home Repair	Master bath and Closet addition. Bruce-  I am planning to add an master bath and walk in closet onto the rear of my master bedr
Home Repair	Paint peeling on exterior concrete block. We live in a concrete block house built in the 1950's. Â We became occupants in 1990. 
Home Repair	Replace Ceiling in Double Wide Moble Home. The Ceiling in our Double Wide is a Cathedral Ceiling and Constructed Roofing, OSB, 
Home Repair	Suspended Slab. Dan, I have currently got two demountable homes (12m long) opposite each other with a 6m breezeway between them
Home Repair	Double Wythe Brick Wall. QUESTION: Dear Bruce,  I am building a 3-sided, double wythe brick wall on the perimeter of my small p
Home Repair	building attached garage. We are considering building an attached garage onto our home. Approximately what is the price differe
Home Repair	heated slab floor. We recently added on an family room and had the cement poured, but I'm afraid not enough help because even w
Home Repair	3D software/custom home. we need very EASY TO USE software that allows us to draw/design & then SEE our  custom home ideas...li
Home Repair	Two story pourd concrete house. The hill I want to build a two story concrete structure. Back and sides placed into a hillside.
Home Repair	RESIDENTIAL MOISTURE/VAPOR BARRIER BELOW SLAB. QUESTION: I HAVE BEEN INFORMED BY A STRUCTURAL ENGINEER, THAT MY MOISTURE BARRIE
Home Repair	Ramp Slope. Sir I have to design a ramp for forklifter to approach our Ware house which FFL is +5', Please advise me how much l
Home Repair	build a deck on top of exsisting patio. We have a 12 ft x 16ft block patio that is about 3 feet high on one side and tapers to 
Home Repair	Top Chord Bearing floor truss. QUESTION: I am having a house built and the builder ordered Top chord bearing floor trusses. Â I 
Home Repair	egress  for upstairs windows. i live in central california , and i was looking for info on the code for egress on a window ,for
Home Repair	attaching a ledger board to a brick wall. i saw some your discussions and would like to know once i locate the studs do i locat
Home Repair	Kneewall insulation. QUESTION: Hello Michael,   I am hoping you can answer my question. Â I have a previously finished attic spa
Home Repair	Ranch house renovation to increase height. Hi Marc,  I own a ranch style home that's built on a concrete slab with concrete blo
Home Repair	barn foundation. I have an old barn built around 1907 (if it was built at the same time as the house). The foundation of the ex
Home Repair	kitchen beam. Hello Bruce, I am adding an addition onto our existing 2 story home...the existing exterior load bearing kitchen 
Home Repair	Concrete Patio Grading. Bruce -   My husband and I are extending our back patio out 20 feet and we were wondering if there is a
Home Repair	Convert Seasonal Cabin for use in winter. I currently have a seasonal cabin that is in Northern Minnesota. It sits on a couple 
Home Repair	Shed Foundation on Sloping Concrete. I obtained the walls and roof sections from an 8'x17' wood-framed shed that was dismantled
Home Repair	replacing roof. I recently discovered a leak in my parents double-wide mobile home. I took down the ruined ceiling tile to get 
Home Repair	suspended concrete patio. I am planning on putting in a suspended concrete patio in the back of my house. Â It will be roughly 1
Home Repair	Securing 2nd floor wall when installing flush mount beam in first floor. QUESTION: Hi Bruce, I have a 2 story house and I'm pla
Home Repair	adding brick to an existing home. QUESTION: About 6 years ago, we built our home on a first time home owners modest budget. We 
Home Repair	Unattached Patio Covering 24' Beam span. I plan on building an unattached covered patio. I would like to use 24' beams in the c
Home Repair	Tying existing footer with new footer. I am pooring a new footer for an addition directly connected to the house. I was told I 
Home Repair	studio addition. QUESTION: I am interested in adding a studio, 400-500 sq ft, with pier and beam foundation and a flat poured c
Home Repair	roof supports. QUESTION: I own a new 2 story home with a lot of unused space around the upstairs rooms. I am expanding into thi
Home Repair	Beam cost. I am building a house in near future and wanted to put in full basement. The wall on the south end will extend 15 fe
Home Repair	Garage Workshop Addition. QUESTION: Hi Bruce Johnson,   Â Thank you for all the great answers you provide here, I have read many
Home Repair	Generator slab on a grade. I have to put a 2000lb generator on a 10 ft by 5 foot slab. The ground has a 1 foot grade along the 
Home Repair	Spacing Between Floor Joist. I am having a new house built by a contractor. He is planning to have the spacing between the floo
Home Repair	Bathtub detail. Bruce, I have a question pertaining to the finishing of a tub transition. Cast iron tubs have a milder lip than
Home Repair	damaged TJI bottom chord. During sheetrock/insulation removal (burst pipe, water damage) the workers cut deeply in several plac
Home Repair	foundation failure. prior to the 10th year on a new house a piling foundation failed, builder and engineer confirmed failure an
Home Repair	Fine sand filling in Foundation trenches. Respected Sir,  Here I request you to kindly provide me a technical method on sand fi
Home Repair	BENTONITE. QUESTION: A company is replacing and old pipeline with a new pipeline through an existing right of way. Â The boundar
Home Repair	poor drainage around home. We had an appraisal on this home and it said repair poor drainage around house. Â All water needs to 
Home Repair	post and pad tipping. I have an ~ 50 year old, small cottage (16'x25') built on post and pads on a slope. The front and one sid
Home Repair	settling of older home. We are contemplating moving a 1967 home to a piece of property, but would like to know what kinds of pr
Home Repair	How to improuve foundations.. Hello,   I am learning slowly with my properties, now, I just bought a 350 M2 , 2 floors house wh
Home Repair	basement and bricks. QUESTION: our 1.5 yr old house has developed cracks{stairstep} on all levels in different areas. Â the buil
Home Repair	exposure to rain and air of  rebars. Our Condo Board accepted structural engineer's recommendation to hire contractor. This is 
Home Repair	falling house?. I bought my townhouse (End Unit) in the end of 2007 which has stucco wall and a crawl space. At that time, ther
Home Repair	concrete patch missing in foundation. We are trying to figure out if a patch of concrete missing in our foundation is cosmetic 
Home Repair	water & mold damage. I just bought a condo and i wanted to redo the bathroom...a union carpenter (friend of family) came over &
Home Repair	salinity harming the building & settlement.. My 110 year old brick home is next to a canal on very saline soil with a water tab
Home Repair	settling problem. I have taken your advice and have passed on the moving of a house. Â Now I am contemplating buying this very s
Home Repair	need a foundation. I own a small 1,000 sq ft house built in 1904 and it has a combination of wood beams & stone foundation and 
Home Repair	repositioning new house foundation. Hi, Jeff, We are building a house with a local builder. The builder made a mistake by putti
Home Repair	Foundation Movement. Have a home that is 22 years old. Â Just over a year ago the living room (only room on concrete slab) start
Home Repair	Sealing concrete or mortar. I am told that by adding salt to your mortar mix you can make it waterproof. Is this true, and if s
Home Repair	slab floor sinking in corners of different rooms. My parents built a house in 1969. My siblings & I are doing some remodeling w
Home Repair	house settled. Hi Bruce,  We have a 2 story wood frame house in New England. Â We had a trememdous amount of snow (record ever) 
Home Repair	Cement Blocks. How many cement blocks do i need to use as a foundation to build a 10'8 metal shed?
Home Repair	Door openings out of square. Hello, we had our house framed in the 100 plus degree heat last summer and hardly any of the door 
Home Repair	douglasjkreber@yahoo.com. QUESTION: Hi Dave, I am installing a drop ceiling. Â I have installed the wall angles on all 4 walls, 
Home Repair	Noise in walls when windy. QUESTION: In a specific place in the wall of my house when the wind blows it sounds like the brick t
Home Repair	Steel Beams - Spacing ?. First of all thank you ! I'm interested in building a 16 by 24 foot cabin. This cabin will need to be 
Home Repair	Concrete footings. We are adding an addition on our home and would like to avoid having the concrete truck in the backyard. To 
Home Repair	dropped ceiling. QUESTION: Hi Bruce, I am installing a drop ceiling. Â I have installed the wall angles on all 4 walls, what I w
Home Repair	foundation. have a house that was built in 1903 on a stacked stone foundation that is falling apart. could i possibly pour a fo
Home Repair	home extention. A friend would like to build a home extension at the back of her house to extend the kitchen and living area (n
Home Repair	how to layout foundation for stem wall w/monolithic slab atop. Good afternoon - We'll be building a concrete dome home (ourselv
Home Repair	Add a Floor. Before and After I recently bought a 44' W x 48' L, all brick ranch home. Â I would like to add a floor to it. Â I h
Home Repair	Span between posts. I want to put a patio roof on the back of my home. If I want to span 16 feet between posts is this possible
Home Repair	wet pressure treated wood. I have left over wet pressure treated wood 2x4's....I would like to use them in my attic as collar t
Home Repair	attaching wood railing to concrete porch. Hi there- I want to replace the current wrought iron railing with wood railing on our
Home Repair	Foundation wall out of plumb. We have a full basement finished poured concrete ( 1962) we have noted some water and an engineer
Home Repair	Renovating home built on quarry. Hi Bruce I am hoping you can answer my query...  We live in Australia (Melbourne) in a suburb 
Home Repair	structure weight. I have built a ceiling in a new office and would like to know the weight capacity allowed to store things.11'
Home Repair	adding a footer to a porch. I have an addition across the whole back of my house that consists of a kitchen and an enclosed por
Home Repair	corner foundation sinking. Ed, 4years ago we added an addition approximate 81/2 by 13 off our dinning rm. we put a stem wall an
Home Repair	Underground Boring. Can a bore machine direct bore into a manhole, or do you need to dig beside the manhole and do a core drill
Home Repair	Plumbing Leak in Slab Foundation. I have a few rental properties in Lakeland, FL (about 45 east of Tampa). Â Recently, I had to 
Home Repair	concrete vs pavers. Our home was built in Sept 2006. We would really like to have a patio off the back of the house. I have 2 q
Home Repair	Concrete Driveway. Hi, Bruce, you gave me the following response to a question recently and my questions to your answer are in 
Home Repair	Addition Construction. I am building an addition to my home. I have two questions: first, what is the building policy regarding
Home Repair	Sealing/overlaying brick constructed buildings. QUESTION: I recently relocated to Copenhagen from Florida. The homes and commer
Home Repair	Driveway/Gravel. Hi Bruce, we have a dirt driveway & would like to know what is the best & cheapest way to gravel it.We are cit
Home Repair	Spray Foam Insulation. Mr. McElroy, I'm currently building a house in Orlando,Fl. and have decided to use spray foam insulation
Home Repair	Concrete wall stabilization methods. Jim: I have a classic condition: clay soil, 26 yr.old frame house on poured concrete basem
Home Repair	sudden foundation shift. QUESTION: We just recently moved into a house in central Texas, about 2 months ago. We have expansive 
Home Repair	slab does not match up to frame of house. We are having our home built in NC. When they poured the concrete for the  slab and s
Home Repair	porch column repair. Hi, Â I live in a 90 year old 2 story home. Â It has a very large L shaped porch. Â I noticed a couple of mon
Home Repair	Leaky Window well. We had a heavy rain and it soaked down and leaked in to the side of the window well 18 down. Â I have redire
Home Repair	Bentonite Waterproof. Hi Ed,  I saw your response to another question and would like your opinion on this application.  My chim
Home Repair	offset cracks and moisture seepage.. House built in Ocala, FL in June 2006. Â The soil is nothing but sand, and have not had a
Home Repair	Granite Block/Rock Foundation Repair. My home in Massachusetts is over 100 years old, and it's foundation is granite block. Â In
Home Repair	A fallen basement. I am living in Maryland and I had a waterproofing company to install a sump pump. I came home to a fallen ba
Home Repair	Repairing Diagonal Subfloor. QUESTION: We are preparing to lay ceramic tile in our kitchen. Our house is over 100 years old, Ar
Home Repair	main support beam. I am building a new home. Â I need to know what type of center beam should be used in a crawl space for the c
Home Repair	Pier and Beam Foundation. I purchased a 1950 Pier and Beam House 5 years ago. Half of the house is on pier and beam the garage 
Home Repair	termite repair. I RECENTLY HAD MY HOUSE TREATED FOR TERMITES AND JUST STARTED THE REPAIRS ON THE INTERIOR WALLS. AND MOST OF TH
Home Repair	foundation repair and drainage. I'm a building contactor in Maine. Recently we completed a home, and are finding that the basem
Home Repair	finishing basement. Hi Bruce, I am finishing my basment. Â It is slightly damp, but not what I would consider wet. Â Do you thi
Home Repair	curved control cuts in concrete. Hi Bruce,   Last summer I had a concrete pool deck and sidewalks done. Â All curves, not a stra
Home Repair	residential house framing. We've been in our newly built home for about 1 year now. Â We've noticed quite a bit of the lumber us
Home Repair	exterior of homes. QUESTION: Hi Diane,  First, let me thank you for reading my question. I am relocating to California and am l
Home Repair	PotHole. Hi Bruce,  Sorry ahead of time if this is out of your expertise.  I have a huge pothole in my driveway from all the ic
Home Repair	Concrete Perimeter Foundation. Hi Jim, My husband and I have put an offer on a 1979 double-wide modular home in northern Britis
Home Repair	New Const Basement Block wall Vertical Crack. I have started a new construction house recently and we are installing a basement
Home Repair	crack in concrete slab. I live in Canada and I can't say that the crack changes at all with the seasons. Â My guess is that beca
Home Repair	waterproofing garage. QUESTION: Hi Bruce, I'm turning my garage space into a photo studio. Â (Approx. 16' X 20' space.) There's 
Home Repair	Floor Truss blocking. QUESTION: I have what the builder calls Top Chord Bearing Floor Trusses in a home I am  building. Â There 
Home Repair	Leak in crawl space. Leak spot-1 Â  QUESTION: Your question was   Hi Dan,  I am building an addition to my home. At the connecti
Home Repair	insulating under an enclosed porch with only three inches of clearance. is there some form of waterproof blow-in insulation i c
Home Repair	Lean - to added to garage. Oct 30 2008_0514 We had a 36 X 48 garage built with a 12 X 48 lean - to, Three days after the Lean -
Home Repair	carpentry building code baltimore md.. I am building an exterior split-level staircase extending to a second story deck.Iam use
Home Repair	Window install in block wall. I need to in stall two 40''H x 6o''L windows into a block wall these will serve as egress windows
Home Repair	how to choose  a steel building manufacturer. Good morning Daniel.  I am looking to build a steel outbuilding in Colorado on th
Home Repair	Minimum crawl space height. I'm building a small pier and beam cottage and wonder what minimum height you'd recommend for the c
Home Repair	felt paper used in older homes as house wrap. We bought a home that is mature (nice way to say old), and after fixing most of t
Home Repair	mold behind walls of new construction home. My husband was the contractor on our home,the wood frame was exposed to the element
Home Repair	lam beam for basement remodel. I want to open up an interior wall in my basement. I currently have a 6' opening and would like 
Home Repair	water damage to wood concern before sheet rock. soaked wood My home is under construction (pre-dry wall) in Texas. There has be
Home Repair	build wooden second story oo brick garage. I have a 6 x 6 meter garage constructed from brick and would like to build a small b
Home Repair	Pouring additional concrete on top of already poured slab foundation. I am having a new house built and had selected the option
Home Repair	Levelling a floor. I have a solid wooden pillar in the basement that is supporting part of my dining room floor. Â The problem i
Home Repair	Repair of foundation leak. I'd appreciate your advice on what materials and methods you would recommend to permanently plug and
Home Repair	Slab Home Construction. My wife and I are considering the purchase of a new home in an adult community in Illinois. Â We have al
Home Repair	concrete floor. My question is similar to a couple of questions that you already answered but I would like some clarification. 
Home Repair	Dry Wall - Basement. I am looking to finish out my basement and have come across a problem. Â My house has an English Basement w
Home Repair	Question on RASTRA built homes. Rastra a wall panel made of recycable styrofoam is popular in AZ.   http://rastra.net/rastracom
Home Repair	Studding up inside brickwall. Mr. Johnson,  My home was built by my greatgrandfather in 1892. Â It is a solid brick home that is
Home Repair	housewrap and foamboard. I am starting on a remodel of an older home, and I was hoping to increase the energy efficiency by usi
Home Repair	Ceiling framing. Hi Bruce, I am finishing my basement, and right now I am about to start framing the ceiling (to be sheetrocked
Home Repair	specs on flooring joists. I'm redoing my kitchen (16' by 16') floor. Right now it's all sripped down to the existing (1917?) jo
Home Repair	damp floors. my home is just 3 years old and built with wood. i have had remedial work done by builder but still have problems 
Home Repair	Load bearing wall quandry. Bruce! Â Thanks for volunteering, I really appreciate it! Â I have a wall I want to remove. Â From fron
Home Repair	Soil Erosion.. I bought a home in Orlando, FL 2 years ago. I live in NYC and will retire in a year. I recently discovered that 
Home Repair	rust. Thank you, Johnson. It is the rusting spots along the corner of the front house only. The builder didn't remove the stucc
Home Repair	rust on exterior. We bought a brand new home in san bruno area, CA. We found some rust only appear at corner of the exterior of
Home Repair	spliting a large room. Hi, i am one bedroom short in my home. I have a very large livingroom. 17 x 14 . i would like to palce a
Home Repair	chainsaw. Â hi! hope you can help, because this has been frustrating for a while..i used to have a chainsaw, and no matter what 
Home Repair	leveling driveway. Hi,  Â I have recently purchased a home which has steep driveway. I am not able to use the driveway for parki
Home Repair	Walk-out Basement. Here is the situation I am currently in. Â I purchased a new construction home (Market Home) in Cincinnati, O
Home Repair	wood I beam. Can I use wood I beams instead of laminated beams to span my garage front to back? Â 2x10 or 2x12 joists will sit p
Home Repair	Insulation. QUESTION: I am building a lake cabin in North Dakota and am in the process of insulating with standard batts and co
Home Repair	Levelling and Supporting a House on Posts. We bought a seasonal property which is built on posts. Â The house is not level. We h
Home Repair	Warped Patio Support  Beam. QUESTION: I have a covered patio built by the prior owner of my recently purchased home. Â One of th
Home Repair	timber frame roof system. Our modular home has 2 X 6 exterior studs 16 on center. Is that sufficient to place a timber frame t
Home Repair	Wood Span for 16x16 Pergola. 16'x16' Pergola I am builing a 16'x 16' pergola. I plan to have 8 4x4 posts, one in each corner 
Home Repair	Putting wood siding on a 35 foot 5th wheel summer retreat. 5th Wheel on property Hi, my husband and I bought 10 acres of wooded
Home Repair	sq. footage of a hip roof. what is the formula for figuring the square footage of a hip roof?
Home Repair	Bathroom Remodeling. We are remodeling two upstairs bedrooms into a master suite. My question is about the tub's load on the jo
Home Repair	Insulating/warming concrete floors. Hello..i have a 23x16 family room that was built over the garage and the floor is a concret
Home Repair	door hinges. Hi Dan,  You sound like the man with the all around knowledge I'm looking for. Â My daughter just bought a house in
Home Repair	Adding a patio door in an exterior concrete block wall. Hi Brian: Â I live nearby in Gainesville, Fl and am interested in doing 
Home Repair	Insulation under existing wood decking with addition. We had a contractor put an addition on the back of our home and put 18x18
Home Repair	triple 2x10 beam span. I have a ranch in Eklhart, In in which I have a triple 2x10 beam running the length of the basement. Â I 
Home Repair	crawl space water pipes. QUESTION: My pex water pipes have to travel about 3 feet in the crawl space up into the house. I haven
Home Repair	basements. What is the best basment for a new home,I see their are different options like precast basements, poured concrete in
Home Repair	framing/insulation. QUESTION: Hi Dan -  Getting ready to frame by basement. Â Current code requires that I leave 3 feet between 
Home Repair	Shaky wall column. We have an entry door (5ï¿½ w x 8ï¿½h double door) with a window (5ï¿½w x 6.5ï¿½h) above the door and a window (5ï¿½w 
Home Repair	concrete works. Season Greetings! Mr.Barnhill,   What is the correct way to join a new addition footer to an existing house? Â Â 
Home Repair	bricks. I have a brink wall inside my home (built in the 1960s) Â there are couple of cracked places in the motar. Â I've tried t
Home Repair	constructing a home theater. I am building a home theater in a basement Â ... Â want to build a platform to raise the floor in ha
Home Repair	Nail size. What size nails do I use to put trim around windows and doors? I have a air gun?
Interior Design	vanity lighting. Hi Jim, what height would I install Â lights over a double sink vanity in a bathroom where the ceiling is 10 fe
Interior Design	Wall color. I have a woodlands decor. Â The carpet is burgundy and the furniture is like a country blue. Â What colors would look
Interior Design	FAUX FINISHING FOR NURSERY. Jenny,  Â Â Â Â I am currently working on decorating my son's nursery (he was born a premie on 2/4/04 -
Interior Design	room color. my family has a game roon of sorts. It has a foos ball table, computer, tv and ps2 game. Â I'm trying to make it see
Interior Design	Hello.  I am a young woman.... Hello. Â I am a young woman on a disability pension. Â I live on my own, in a modest, one bedroom 
Interior Design	Color palette. Hello, I am moving into a new townhouse and will be putting in natural horizontal bamboo floors. Â I currently ow
Interior Design	My home is decorated in traditional.... My home is decorated in traditional decor with some modern flair. Â I want to purchase s
Interior Design	Base board Color. Hi Jenny, How are ya? In our home our walls are painted an almond color. Â My wife wanted to know besides the 
Interior Design	Furniture revamping. Hi, I don't know if this falls under your expertise, but I was wondering if you could offer your advice or
Interior Design	Dining Table Lighting Problem. QUESTION: We just remodeled our kitchen and our new chandelier doesn't have a down light feature
Interior Design	Cornices. We recently bought an older house (built about 1967)and two of the bedrooms have wooden cornices (I think that is the
Interior Design	How do i create this effect?. I have a picture with some lighting on it, if I can have your e-mail I will forward it to you... 
Interior Design	vanity. Hi: Â We are doing 2 new vanities - one a 24 round and the other 30 rectangular  shape. Â What type of fixture will pro
Interior Design	3 pane bathroom mirror with built in T8. 3 hollow frame 1-1/2 deep panes with mirror on top and Â with Â T8 bluit in in every pa
Interior Design	? painting my fil cabinets. We have metal file cabinet/can't afford to buy quality wood file cabinets or desk. Need your help i
Interior Design	French Country Living Room. Dear Jenny,  You may remember me :) I wrote some time ago about our front/formal living room in o
Interior Design	Replacing type of ceiling fixture. Hi Jim - I have a halogen ceiling light fixture and I really like the fixture design/style, 
Interior Design	Vanity lighting. We purchased a Rothdale double sink 74vanity with 2 large matching mirrors  each Â measuring 18 x 41. The va
Interior Design	lighting. would a balance light be good for my son while he is in college doing architecture work
Interior Design	antique lamp. I purchased this lamp at a flea market because i like the unique design. It a foor lamp except it has curve about
Interior Design	Decorating. I wrote an email on Monday re: my decorating question and haven't heard anything back...
Interior Design	Old kerosene lamp (floor type) and the missing shade. My husband inherited an old lamp that has three separate 'lights' that ar
Interior Design	LED lights in kitchen. Hi. Â We're remodeling our kitchen and are planning to use LED lights for  recessed ceiling and undercabi
Interior Design	Lighting over Dining Table. What size light should hang over a 60 inch round table and how high above the table should it be?
Interior Design	Decorating a homeschool room. We are converting a 10'6 X 13' bedroom into a homeschool room. Two of the walls will have desks 
Interior Design	Who is my house?. I live in a small duplex. Living room, breakfast area and kitchen are all open to one another and tightly pac
Interior Design	Sofa color/style. I have a large family room with a vaulted ceiling. We painted the ceiling cream and the walls we painted a co
Interior Design	Plants for my solarium. I have recently bought a house that has a wonderful solarium. Â I am very ecologically challenged and wo
Interior Design	Room partition. Hello.  I am contacting you from the UK, I think you might be American so it might be less easy for you to help
Interior Design	wiring a timer switch. I want to wire a timer switch but the existing set up is what I believe to be a switch loop setting. Â Th
Interior Design	Colors. I don't like clutter....I like my rooms simple, clean, sleek lines. 1. Tan carpet in living room, what color furniture.
Interior Design	mixing and matching furniture. What are the basic rules about mixing and matching the colors and types of wood furniture? Â I am
Interior Design	Dining room chandelier.. I moved into a new house two weeks ago and while I was cleaning I broke the glass lamp on one of the a
Interior Design	Light Fixtures. What determines how far a hanging light is hung from a ceiling, when it as adjustable with a chain type fixture
Interior Design	Kitchen painting & oak cabinets. I have just bought a house that has all oak cabinets in the kitchen (as well as oak molding al
Interior Design	Entry foyer Lighting. We have a 2 story entry, approximately 15-16'. Â We are deciding between 2 light fixtures. Â They are aroun
Interior Design	BATHROOM MIRRORS. QUESTION: I HAVE A LARGE BATHROOM WITH L SHAPED CABINETS - HIS AND HER SINKS BUT THE CABINET IS CONNECTED. I 
Interior Design	potlights in kitchen. Hi Jim, I wasnt able to repond to you via the regular way, not sure why I didnt get the email regarding t
Interior Design	kitchen lighting. I have purchased a kitchen light (which turns out to be non-returnable. Â It is a  pendant chandelier hangin
Interior Design	changing color of chandelier. QUESTION: I would like to spray my gold toned chandelier to a bronze finish. Â Do you see any prob
Interior Design	outside pendant. My front entrance which has a stucco portico above it would look great with a hanging exterior pendant above t
Interior Design	flush mount light over dining table. My dining room table (60X30, rectangular, oak, double-pedestal, heirloom) and the view beh
Interior Design	size of mirror. Hi Jim, I have a powder room that is 39 1/2 inches wide. My vanity is 36 in wide. If I put a mirror that is 24 
Interior Design	floor lamp that turns on with wall switch?. I've recently moved to a new house, and was told that one of our mains plugs is a s
Interior Design	proper scale for light fixutres. I have a foyer with a butterfly staircase, 20'ceilings, and 18' width. What diameter of a chan
Interior Design	table lamps. couch configuration in middle of room not allowing table lamps to be used due to sockets only in walls. Â Do not wa
Interior Design	How hight should be my sofa end table lamps?. QUESTION: Hi, I want to decorate my living room with the lamps that i want to pla
Interior Design	1950 motion lamp. I recently purchased one of these lamps, The Fountain of Youth, it appears to be in very good condition. Â My 
Interior Design	bathroom lighting over vanity. We have a 2 bowl 5' wide vanity with 5Â wide mirror above vanity. We are raising the vanity and 
Interior Design	pot lights in kitchen. We would like to install potlights around the perimeter of our 16 x 16 kitchen. Â We will also have other
Interior Design	A Dark Living room. I have a dark LR. It is a 50 year old farm house with tongue and groove ceilings. This makes the LR and DR 
Interior Design	Unique Lamps. Lamp Hello, I have recently acquired this set of brass and marble lamps. I have done some research via the Intern
Interior Design	pendants on vaulted ceiling over vanity. I have a 10 by twelve bathroom remodel underway. Â It is very traditional, however, I w
Interior Design	Vanity Lighting. Sorry to bother you again about lighting my vanity. Â I plan to heed your advice but have one last question. Â Y
Interior Design	Lamp shades. I have an old 50-60's style metal table lamp that I am renovating. It has three metal lamp shades connected to a s
Interior Design	small bedroom windows. Hello, My question is - I have a 70's ranch style home, with two short, high and wide windows in the Mas
Interior Design	Using Dimmer switch with Compact Fluorescent Bulb. I have two Wheel hub light fixtures (handmade) hooked to a dimmer switch in 
Interior Design	dining room lighting - square or rectangular?. We have an 8-person rectangular dining table, with extension leaves. Since we ar
Interior Design	Dining Room Lighting. We have a 100 year old dutch colonial home, and recently moved the rooms around. Â Our dining area now nee
Interior Design	Painting lawn furniture. My husband brought home a couple of lawn chairs that braved Hurricane Andrew. Therefore, they need alo
Interior Design	Positioning of light fixture over dining table. For the first time I have a dining room, so I've had no experience positioning 
Interior Design	small bathroom. Suggesttions for a small bathroom. 5 by 71/2 feet with a 8 1/2ceiling.Also has Â 2 doors, small Â window and a re
Interior Design	Going for Grey. Is there such a thing as a grey light bulb? I find white light too harsh and would like something a little dull
Interior Design	Kitchen Theme. Hi Jenny,  My husband and I just recently remodeled our kitchen. We have tahiti sand (swanstone) counter tops th
Interior Design	Making a Fire Out of Lights. Hello,   I am working on a project for my job. I am trying to simulate a fire by using little Chri
Interior Design	special lamp to go in special plug??. I've recently moved to a new house, and was told that one of our mains plugs is a special
Interior Design	table lamp. It was many years ago, but I can recall seeing table lamps where the shade  turned. Â It was a nature scene Â on the 
Interior Design	help!! re: recessed lighting (cans). Hi - I have to make a decision in just a couple of days about this: we're doing a major re
Interior Design	Mixing stained wood & painted wood. Â We have a multi-level home. Whether you enter our home through the front door or through t
Interior Design	Sunroom decorating. Hello Jenny! Â I have a 10*12 sunroom off of my kitchen. Â My kitchen is decorated with plaid wallpaper (bric
Interior Design	paint paneling. The walls of my house are all paneled ala 1979. Can I paint the panel directly or give it a white-washed look w
Interior Design	CFL troubles. QUESTION: We have been given contradictory informtion from a lighting store. Â We are  both getting older and my h
Interior Design	Kitchen Pendant Light. We would like to replace a light fixture that hangs over the kitchen table. Â The 3 way switch is on the 
Interior Design	How high should be my sofa end table lamps?. QUESTION: Hi, I want to decorate my living room with the lamps that i want to plac
Interior Design	exterior coach lanterns. At what height would I install 19 Coach Lanterns. Â My door is 6'8, I have a 14 rectangle shape tran
Interior Design	vestibule lighting. QUESTION: I have what I would call a vestibule sort of entrance. Â Upon entering the front door with two sid
Interior Design	exterior lighting. QUESTION: I had bought in anticipation of building a new home some 19 high coach lanterns last year at a cl
Interior Design	Lighting finishes and kitchen finishes. My question is similar to one already posted, but, I want an answer based on my specifi
Interior Design	Bathroom Lighting. QUESTION: My husband and I are building a master bath. Â We have planned for a 66 double bowl vanity - a 24
Interior Design	Pendant Lighting Above Bathroom Sink. Hi Jim,  I am remodeling my guest bathroom. Â The ceiling in the bath is 12 ft high. Â  The
Interior Design	color. I like my rooms to be bright, my walls are white right now, but I would like to add color. I have mostly yellow and apri
Interior Design	futon mattress. Dear Joe,  I have a couple of questions regarding futon mattress. Â We have a full size futon, my daughter used 
Interior Design	recessed lighting housing and trim mix n match. Hi there. Â We have Elko cans installed and now looking at trims for them. Â A fr
Interior Design	Redec. a garage into a bedroom. Hello Jim,  I will be brief I am certain you are busy. Â I am moving into a house with a special
Interior Design	interior decor. hi could u please tell about metal sheeting in kitchen and living room for a modern look Â .i want to use metal 
Interior Design	Bathroom Light Sconces. I am ripping out the builders glued to the walltype of mirror and buying a rectangular mirror with a 
Interior Design	installing recessed lighting retrofit kits. I want to replace a dated 6 recessed fixture with a more modern retrofit, but I do
Interior Design	Lighting for Vanity. I am re-doing a bath and will have a 78 vanity. The vanity will have a bank of drawers of 18 in the midd
Interior Design	Light Fixture Rating. I have recessed lighting in my home in which the fixture rating is MAX 75W. Â Can I use a Compact Fluoresc
Interior Design	fixture heights.. QUESTION: Hi Jim, Â I have a double entry, split foyer with 2 sets of stairs. Â Not sure whether I want wall sc
Interior Design	12extension/projection bathroom vanity light. I found a medicine chest that was a steal, is exactly what I wanted and fits in 
Interior Design	replacing recessed vanity light. We recently purchased a home that has two vanity cabinets in the master bath, on opposite wall
Interior Design	matching light fixtures and faucet fixtures. My faucet fixtures are silver and light fixtures and hardware are gold. Â I want to
Interior Design	no hardwiring. Hi Jim! I live in an apartment with no overhead lighting in living room or bedrooms. Â I have bought lamps to bri
Interior Design	Lamp shade choice. I have two traditional side lamps in my living room. They are made of wood, medium to dark in colour, with t
Interior Design	Adding a bar problem. I live in central FL and have a 1200 sq ft home. The living room/dining room area is a combination long t
Interior Design	Kitchen Decor. Hi Karen! I have a question that is probably silly. Â I would like begin buying pieces to re-decorate my kitchen 
Interior Design	Choosing area rug. Jenny, I have taupe walls with white trim. Â The furniture is rattan covered in palm leaves of shades of gree
Interior Design	Colour Scheme For Lounge. We have a lounge approx 20 by 15 south facing, very light, it has a teak wood floor and white walls
Interior Design	Paint Color for dining room. My house was built in 1984. Â I have wood trim. Â We are trying to update our home.  My friend, who 
Interior Design	wallpapering. is it possible to wallpaper over existing wallpaper...? Â and, can you paint over wallpaper, if so, any requiremen
Interior Design	teen boys room. My 14 year old wants us to paint his room a medium blue to match a border that has Atlanta Braves color. I was 
Interior Design	Color Coordination. Dear Jenny -  Help!! Â We've painted the outside of our house a very nice looking earthy green, subdued, not
Interior Design	Glaring Sunroom in Dream Home. hi,you helped me before; thanks ! Our new home has a 19 foot long sunroom. The walls (what littl
Interior Design	Redecorating. Hi Jenny, I am in the process of redecorating my condo, which is somewhat dark, and I am trying to lighten it up.
Interior Design	interior decorating. Bi-level house - LR Room size is 12 x 15 Single window as you come up the steps on the far 12'wall doublew
Interior Design	Window Treatment. Jenny, Thanks first for answering my question ... we are utilizing our dining room at this moment for our off
Interior Design	Color suggestions, etc?. Jenny-  Good evening. First, thank you for taking the time to help me out. My questions are about deco
Interior Design	Paint. I am putting up crown moulding in a 14x16 room. the ceiling is white and the walls are powder blue.Half the moulding is 
Interior Design	New home. Dear Jenny, my family is building a new home and I am completely overwhelmed about paint colors. I have no idea if it
Interior Design	Home Depot premade/unfinished cabinets. Hi Karen, It was great to hear you worked with Home Depot. Â I'm wanting to use the unfi
Interior Design	Wall Panel. My den is so dated. The walls are dark wood paneling and the room is appx 12x15. Â Its so dark and I want to brighte
Interior Design	painting/decorating advice. HI Jenny!! I have recently moved to a home where all the walls and ceilings are textured. For the m
Interior Design	Bedroom  accessories. We have a very old home with beautiful blue hydrangea wallpaper. It has a white background with the blue 
Interior Design	Blue Carpeting :-(. Hi! I am moving into a beautiful new home but it has blue carpeting!! It is open concept, vaulted ceilings 
Interior Design	Living Room & Baby Grand Piano. Dear Jenny,  I had emailed you a month or 2 ago about decorating our front formal, currently 
Interior Design	Painting. Hi Jenny, We are considering redecorating my 10 year old sons bedroom and have chosen a nautical theme. Â We are think
Interior Design	Cast iron paint finishes. I have a modern (rust free) cast iron outdoor dining setting which I want to repaint in an antique lo
Interior Design	We are thinking of getting.... We are thinking of getting new carpet for the living room. The carpet will probably be a neutral
Interior Design	Paint Color. Hi....I hope you can be of some help to me...I am stuck in a paint color dilemma. Â I purchased a quilt that I love
Interior Design	how do I decorate slanted walls/ceilings?. Hello  I hope you can help me. Â I was wondering if you could give me some advice or 
Interior Design	Basement Bath. hi, in our basement we have 2 bedrooms and a small family room. The question concerns the bath. It is done in be
Interior Design	hanging a valance. I've made a very nice valance for a window measuring Â approx. 50 square inside the frame. The frame is 3wi
Interior Design	Kitchen. Hello Karen  Would you please help me on this, I have a very small kitchen first, painted the standard apartment color
Interior Design	bedroom. Hi! I have moved my queen size bed (65 1/2w x 85L with mission slat headboard and footboard) to a corner diagonally,
Interior Design	Colour scheme. Hi  I am repainting my 5meters/5meters bedroom and I was wanting to do it in an interesting colour.   I had chri
Interior Design	Exercise room color selection. Hi! We are finishing our basement and we are going to have a 14x19 exercise room. Once complete,
Interior Design	mirrored furniture. Hi! Â I really hope you can help me with this... here goes:  I have 2 dresser's and a night table that I hav
Interior Design	furniture arrangement. Jenny: Â We are currently living in an apartment. Â Our living room is 20'4 by 12'3. Â I had gotten talke
Interior Design	Lighting Colors. I am an event planner and wanting to incorporate more lighting affects into my indoor events. One thing I have
Interior Design	interior wall color. Hello! Â What a great site. I want to add color to my walls but I need to make the right choice the first t
Interior Design	height of pendants. I'm hanging four 4 square 12v pyramid-shaped pendants over a 5' long dining table under 1 very tall (170)
Interior Design	display rack for china cupboard. thanks  this has a total glass surface with mirror back, can you relate more on how you mean t
Interior Design	Interior Decorating. Hi Jenny,  I buy, remodel and sell homes. Â To date I've mostly just painted the interior white, exterior i
Interior Design	Size light over dining table. Hi Jim,  I have an oval dining table that is 84 x 43. Â I really like a hanging pendant style lamp
Interior Design	Lamp info. Thank you for taking the time to offer assistance. Â   We bought a pair of lamps recently at an auction. The lamps ha
Interior Design	finding manuvactor of ceiling fan by model # and/or serial number. I recently acquired a foreclosure property with a ceiling fa
Interior Design	painting techniques. Last year I painted my bathroom in a rose color. Â This year I think it's too bright, way too bright! Â Is t
Interior Design	Colors that match dark wine. I have a dark wine pool table (cloth on top).   I am concerned about what other colors go with it 
Interior Design	painting. I have just recently moved into a one bedroom condo about 600 sq.ft. It is pretty small. This question is about the b
Interior Design	Vintage lamps/vintage lighting fixture. Hi, Jim, I was so glad to find you on Allexperts! Â I have two lamps that my husband bro
Interior Design	kitchen cupboards/paint. Hello! I am UK based. I would like your advice on the best way to remove paint and varnish from my kit
Interior Design	Room Ideas. Hey! I'm a 14 yr old and I need major help with my room. Right now the theme is 'Kisses', I have a border and match
Interior Design	crown molding, to paint  or stain it. Hi Jenny, My husband and me want to put crown molding up in our house Â ourselves and my q
Interior Design	chandelier for hall bathroom. I want to buy a chandelier for the hall bath, which has a 10' ceiling and is 5'x5'. I am wonderin
Interior Design	wallpaper removal. Hi Karen,  I would like to know the best way to remove wallpaper with as little damage as possible to the dr
Interior Design	Window Coverings. Karen, Thanks for answering my question. I have a window in my kitchen that measures 82-W X 73-H that overlo
Interior Design	Rubberwood furniture. I just purchased a bed made of solid Rubberwood..according to the salesman. Â Could you give me informatio
Interior Design	chandelier. How long of a drop should I have from the ceiling to over my table with my chandelier
Interior Design	choosing pendant LED lights for a kitchen. hi - I re-did the kitchen a bit and now have a new continuous counter all along the 
Interior Design	Kitchen colors w/ wood. Hi, I am repainting my kitchen and can't seem to find the right color, I have dark wood cabinets with l
Interior Design	colours and room size. I'm looking to redecorate a relatively small room, which i use as a home office. It measures about 8'x10
Interior Design	Shabby chic furniture. Dear Jenny, Â I am trying to find out who manufactures the slipcovered furniture for retailers like Arhau
Interior Design	info on vintage fixtures. light fixtures TONY;  Trying to find some info on 2 light fixtures that have been in the family for m
Interior Design	air freshen. I have some smells in my house that I'm trying to get rid of naturally, and you mention natural air fresheners. Â I
Interior Design	Garage lighting for auto detailing. Hello,  I have a newly leased two bay garage that I need to light for high visibility insid
Interior Design	furniture fnishing. hi, good profession selection! my question is,  im redoing my entire house and buying a lot of wood/ plywoo
Interior Design	wireing problem. QUESTION: I have got a problem that all was working woke up and it was off as in light and outlets in my room.
Interior Design	Bay Window curtain rods. My den has two large windows on opposite wall, one of which is bay window. Â I would like to make tab c
Interior Design	Family room decor. Hi Jenny,  I am very excited to see this site. Here's my question - We have a large family room/kitchen whic
Interior Design	Recommend wall paint color. Hi Jenny, I've seen several living rooms of sitcom shows, home improvement center kitchens, and suc
Interior Design	DECK FURNITURE?. We just built a beautiful, big, wooden deck off our kitchen overlooking the woods in our CT home. Â Now we need
Interior Design	.... Hello there. I am planning on making one of the rooms in my house a dance studio, you know with the mirrors, and tile floo
Interior Design	jenny, is there a limit as.... jenny, is there a limit as to how many questions i can ask you? Â just blow me off if you want. Â 
Interior Design	Black Couches. I have a 16x13 living room that has black couches. Â I want my living room to feel inviting and confy. Â I do LOVE
Interior Design	Bathroom lighting placement. QUESTION: I will be remodeling my master bath and am unsure of the type of light and placement as 
Interior Design	Dining room lighting - variable table size. I am remodeling our dining room. It is 16ft x 12ft5in. View the room in plan with o
Interior Design	Home design. Hi Jenny, I hope you can help!! My husband and I purchased a small condo a year ago and are still breaking it in. 
Interior Design	Velcro for dust ruffle?. I want to make a dust ruffle for my new twin bed. Â However, the mattress and box spring refuse to stay
Interior Design	light bulb question. Tony:  I have several decorative candelabras with the standard, small candelabra base. Â As the bulbs are b
Interior Design	discoloration from halogen track lighting. QUESTION: Hi,  Five years ago, I replaced my halogen track lighting with a new track
Interior Design	daybed for guest/den room. We have just installed white large slatted shutters in our small  spare room.The walls are painted a
Interior Design	Kitchen paint color. Hi Benjamin:  We are in the process of a full kitchen remodel and are looking at paint colors for the room
Interior Design	taller room. I read that you could do molding 6in down from the ceiling & paint that area the same color as the ceiling & the w
Interior Design	decorating. Hi, I am moving into a new home that we are building and I need some advice on color. In our dining room we need a 
Interior Design	counter top. I have an old kitchen with an orange square countertop. Â I was wanting to know if there are any inexpensive ways t
Interior Design	victorian chandelier?. chandelier1 Â  Hello, Â I inherited many victorian items and was wondering if this chandelier is also vict
Interior Design	PLEASE HELP ME!!!!. Hi Linn, I need your help. Ok I have this really bright blue dresser. Well the paint I bought said turquois
Interior Design	helo linn i wonder if you.... helo linn i wonder if you can give me some advise ; i have a large teak unit which has a slight s
Interior Design	Painting suggesstions. Good morning, Â My daughter is 15 and wants to paint her room purple. Â I don't have an objection to the c
Interior Design	Wall mural. Hi, Â I have been seeing the trendy magazines for kids' rooms showing atlas/map murals on the walls. Â I have a wall 
Interior Design	faux. Sorry if this is general info and I'm just way out of it but what exactly does Â FAUX mean? I love the painting techniqu
Interior Design	re-doing my sunroom/family room. Hi...I need help picking colors and ideas for window treatments and furniture for our sunroom/
Interior Design	home ideas. Hi! My partner and I are moving soon and I want to make the house healthy and clean. Â I am the neater one and love 
Interior Design	painting over dark walls. Hi, I'm a college student, and this summer I'm moving into a house with 3 of my friends. We're allowe
Interior Design	House Blahs. Hi Rachel,  This is a really cool service. :)  We recently bought a house in April. It was built in 1920. The inte
Interior Design	window covering. Good Morning Rachel;  Thank You for taking the time for me. Â I would like to know how to decorate my windows d
Interior Design	dinning room lighting. what is the ratio of a chandelier size compared to the size of the dining table? Â How many inches should
Interior Design	painting my dining set. I have a cast iron or wrought Iron dining set that I guess was painted gray and gold. Its a nice dining
Interior Design	decorating accents. Hi Jenny, Since being out of school this summer, I have just redone the downstairs of my home (i.e. carpet,
Interior Design	laminate and wall color. Hello, We are redecorating our living room. We have a black leather sofa and matching chair and ottoma
Interior Design	Question about Glidden Chiffon. Hi Jenny, You had recommended to me that I check out Glidden's Chiffon to use on my walls. I we
Interior Design	painting my livingroom. Dear Rachel, I world like to paint my drabby white walls and get some kind of color scheme going to mak
Interior Design	Hallway colour. Hi! Â Have a small ranch with L-shaped hallway to bedroom wings. No windows, golden oak trim. desire a bright re
Interior Design	Red living room furniture. I am getting ready to move into a new house and have sent my sofa and 2 lazy boy chairs to be re uph
Interior Design	wall color. Â I AM TRYING TO PAINT A 12 BY 13 ROOM. Â FLOORS ARE LIGHT LAMINATE. Â WHITE TRIM. Â 8 WINDOWS WITH HONEY MAPLE BLINDS.
Interior Design	painting a cast-iron door knocker. I recently bought a wrought iron door knocker (very large - 15 x 7 and 7lbs.) called Gree
Interior Design	my green metal room. I just bought a house and I am so excited! Â BUT, it has a lime green metal roof. Â Its currently painted wh
Interior Design	Lighting for woodworking shop. Tony, Fluorescent lighting is pretty complicated for a layman like me. Â So many variables involv
Interior Design	Room continuity w/out dark wood throughout. We just purchased a house, and we are buying all new furniture. This is our first h
Interior Design	Colour Coordination. We just built a townhouse. Â I don't know what colour furniture to buy for our living room. Â the carpet is 
Interior Design	Knotty Pine paneling. My entire 240 sq.ft. rectangular kitchen is paneled in knotty pine, walls and ceiling. Â I want to put in 
Interior Design	Exterior door color. I had a new storm door and exterior door installed on my home today. Â The roof is black, shutters are blac
Interior Design	no subject. Hello Benjamin,  I have a treadmill that I actually do use, so I want to keep it in the house. Â However, I don't ha
Interior Design	paint colors. I am buying a house with a very high vaulted ceiling in the living room. I want a somewhat formal look in the roo
Interior Design	Arranging furniture in a long livingroom. I have a living room that is 22 x 16. On on long wall stair come down into the room. 
Interior Design	Toning down too bright yellow wall color in LR. Hello! First, thank you for any ideas you may offer. I don't know where else to
Interior Design	living room lighting. I have different tables on the side of the couch. Â Aside from being around the same height, is there a r
Interior Design	decorating small bedrooms. How can I best decorate a small bedroom (9'11 x 9'11). Â There is one window and a wall closet. I hav
Interior Design	New Home and Open Floor Plan Colors. Hello! We are building a new house with an open floor plan and need help in deciding paint
Interior Design	dark furniture - light paint : wanting a change!. I have a large bedroom, with three windows and ample space. I have beautiful 
Interior Design	battery operated indoor pot lighting with remote controi. Hi Tony, It's my first time using this site, so if my question sounds
Interior Design	Solar window shades. Hi Alicia,  I am redecorating my condo and considering using a solar window shade. Â My question, in your e
Interior Design	living room wall color. My sofa is a camel color, carpet is light beige. Â I just painted the living room a light yellow, front 
Interior Design	question about design style. Hi. I was wondering if you could tell me where the Parsons design style originated? I notice that 
Interior Design	home decor. I need so much help with my home!! Little by little, I've made the downstairs look ok. I am working on my bedroom r
Interior Design	Ugly bathroom help. My bathroom is a throw back to the 1970s. My bathtub and toilet are an ugly olive green color and the walls
Interior Design	Redecorating my bedroom. I want to redecorate my bedroom. I've had the same yellow on my walls and my brothers old dinasaur cur
Interior Design	Painting kitchen cabinets. I will be painting 30yr old dark laminate cabinets instead of refacing. Is is possible to paint both
Interior Design	Color of sofa. We moved to Arizona from Italy. Â I painted my living room a yellow color doinga a wash off technique. Â I love 
Interior Design	Tile top or espresso table?. Hi Benjamin,  My dining space is 10' x 11', and here is a pic of my entertainment center (in a sin
Interior Design	White Oak Floor Color and Foyer Tile Color. Hi, we have natural maple cabinets with emerald pearl granite countertops. Which co
Interior Design	air cleaner. I want to clean the air of odors without using carbon air cleaners or any ozone producing machine. Â How can I get 
Interior Design	wall color for red sofa. I have a new apartment and almost no furniture. I love color and will paint all walls, trim and ceilin
Interior Design	entry hall. i have a long, narrow entry hall. Â i have hung two pictures with lights over them on the left wall. Â i also have ru
Interior Design	New Bathroom color/drapery. Hi Ben, I have newly remodeled(not quite done yet)7ft by 9 ft. tubshwr on the left going in. 36 ma
Interior Design	Paper over paneling. Hello and thank you for this wonderful service. Â What is the easiest way to paper over paneling? Â Where do
Interior Design	Scarf Holders. Hi Jenny! You've helped us in the past with advice on our front LR. We finally decorated/painted. Walls are sage
Interior Design	Bedroom Curtains. My husband works the night shift occasionally, so our bedroom has to be very dark during the day. Â We are abo
Interior Design	Dining Room Color Choices. I am repainting the major community rooms in my house. Â We have painted our Living Room (walls are s
Interior Design	Bay window curtains. Hi Jenny again,  I had sent you a question earlier about putting together bay window curtain rods i have f
Interior Design	baseboards & crown molding. We are in the process of totaling remodeling a 1970's style ranch house. Â Is it acceptable to use w
Interior Design	buying all-new furniture, what goes well with dark wood floors?. Hi Benjamin, I'm moving in to an apartment soon and although I
Interior Design	Stain. I have a buffet/hutch set dark wood.I also have a dining room table and 4 chairs that is clear wood.Would you please adv
Interior Design	Collection Display Ideas. Hello, I have a large (over 800) hockey puck collection that I would like to display in my basement. 
Interior Design	what color to use for large living area. We are currently rebuilding our home in New Orleans. The living room, kitchen and musi
Interior Design	furniture matching carpet. Hi,  my husband and I are soon going to move into a 2 bedroom apartment. we will also be purchasing 
Interior Design	Interior Painting. I want an semi eloquent look for my bedroom. My bedroom is small so I am also concerned about trying to make
Interior Design	Wall paper. I saw an episode of Design Inc. on HGTV titled Stephen's Condo. Â They showed a wall in this contemporary condo th
Interior Design	FLooring. Hi Jenny,  My boyfriend and I currently live in a townhome which has saltillo tile in the dining room, hallways, bath
Interior Design	Area Rug Placement. I am looking to purchase an area rug for my living room. The furniture grouping takes Â but half of the room
Interior Design	selecting a tile floor. Thanks for the service.   I know part of this question is hard to answer becuase it's based on personal
Interior Design	BORING laundry area. Hi, Â I have a wonderfully functional laundry/ storage room area. Â But it is soooooo boring! Â It is small a
Interior Design	NEW ROOM. Hi, My Name is Roopa. I Just painted my room, it is a Turquoise color, with a lighter blue on the edges,so basically 
Interior Design	colors. hi, we have an open concept main floor, it's not a large home: kithen, living room, dining room and a powder room only 
Interior Design	Decorating a Large Wall. I would like some ideas about decorating a large wall in my living Â room. We built our home in August 
Interior Design	WALL COLOR. I AM READY TO REPAINT MY LIVING ROOM. IT IS NOW JUST WHITE AND I HATE IT...I HAVE A BLACK LEATHER SECTIONAL WITH A 
Interior Design	Drowning in brown. I live in a small apartment-850 sq. feet. It has wall to wall brown  carpeting. In addition, the kitchen, wh
Interior Design	home pub decor. Hi! Â I am theming a room in my house like that of an English pub. Â I will even have a wooden canopy bar in it s
Interior Design	painting slanted walls. Hi,  My husband and I live in an older 'cape cod' type home without the dormers. The upstairs was two r
Interior Design	color issues in an open floor plan.. Hi Jaydah, about 3 years ago we had the interior of our home painted a warm gray, which fo
Interior Design	Furnishing and decorating with slanted walls, and odd shaped rooms.. I live in a small old farmhouse. Â And I believe the bedroo
Interior Design	A dining Room Delima. Hi,  I am moving into my new condo in two weeks. And I've been stumped over what to do in my dining room.
Interior Design	Early 20th Century Decorating Style. Dear Jenny,  I am about to move into a new apartment on my university campus in August. Ho
Interior Design	Family Room Color. Hi! Â My new home has a large family room which opens up from the kitchen. Â The kitchen has light cherry stai
Interior Design	paint colors for open areas. Hi Jenny, I have picked a deep rich gold to paint in my living room. Â My problem is it is very ope
Interior Design	Fabric window cornices. Hello, My question is concerning the diminsions of window cornices I'm going to make for my two windows
Interior Design	Fake rock wall. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I am into bringing the outdoors indoors and woodsy decor. Â 
Interior Design	deck furniture?. We just built a beautiful, big, wooden deck off our kitchen overlooking the woods in our CT home. Â Now we need
Interior Design	Extreme Space Challenge!. Hi, I was hoping you could help me with figuring out how to best Âfurnish/decorateÂ my place. I rent 
Interior Design	Mixing Black Leather Furniture & Room Colors. Hi there,  I'm in love with the modernist furniture of Le Corbusier, but before I
Interior Design	Problem with extra deep matress. About a year ago we bought a new mattress, one of the extra thick kind, and to prevent it from
Interior Design	Stripe effects. Are there any tricks or methods to getting a totally clean line with blue tape? Â I want to do stripes in a spar
Interior Design	Glass Table Top. Hi, I am considering purchasing two occasional tables for my living room, which are significantly reduced in p
Interior Design	Ceramic Tile floors. I have just purchased a condo that is wall to wall ceramic tile floors (in Florida). While I have been wor
Interior Design	Curtains. I have a olive green suede sofa and love seat, I want to make curtains for the windows and I would like sugestions on
Interior Design	Teenaged Girl's room. Hello. I have a bedroom for a teenaged girl with medium gray walls and a pewter gray queen sized bed. It'
Interior Design	interior paint. I own a house in Santa Barbara, California. I am fixing it up for resale and I want to know what colors to pain
Interior Design	Bedroom color. Hello. My wife and I just purchased a condo and want to find the perfect color for our bedroom. The room size is
Interior Design	small room needs space. HELP>>> I have 3 daughters ranging in age from 7yrs old, 15 mths and 4 mths old i need to find a way th
Interior Design	Dinning room decor. Hi there. I Â am about to decorate my dinning room. It is approximately 12 by 11 feet. We tore up the carpet
Interior Design	Wall Color. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hello- I am starting to make our new home, our home. We have a 
Interior Design	den decorating. i just purchased a brown leather couch with matching loveseat. Â i am going to paint my den, put down a new floo
Interior Design	What color to paint my walls to match my furniture. I have dark blue couch and two chairs. I'm not sure what colors I  should u
Interior Design	overhead/hanging lighting for vaulted ceiling that lacks hardwiring. upper living room view Â lighting fixture paper Â  I live in
Interior Design	to mold or not to mold -- NYC solutions. The apt in question is a medium-size (by NY standards --ie:  1050 ft) 2 bedroom. Â I to
Interior Design	decorating a bedroom. My husband & I are building a new home and I need help on decorating our master bedroom.First of all the 
Interior Design	Kitchen Table Lighting. Kichen Front Â Kitchen Rear Â  Hi:  We recently renovated and enlarged our 1948 galley kitchen by knockin
Interior Design	Ugly bathroom. I just bought a house with a horrible looking bathroom. Â Unfortunately I can't afford to remodel it right now, s
Interior Design	I am painting my walls a shade.... I am painting my walls a shade of beige and would like to know what color the doors and crow
Interior Design	pricing. plethora of lighting I have a few chandeliers, pendant lights and sconces that I was going to post them for sale but I
Interior Design	Taupe Color. In our new house I am using a deep wine in the dining room and want to use taupe in the living room but am having 
Interior Design	mold drywall. hello- i am 50yrold f who has unfortuanely been disabled due to a chiro manipulation (no sue, although if anyone 
Interior Design	Dying fake leather pleather. Okay, I have pleather furniture. Â I know cheesy but my young children are rough on furniture an
Interior Design	Where can I find a dresser lift?. I am looking to buy an inexpensive dresser online, one of which I found was the Hawthorne 37
Interior Design	optimum task lighting. We plan to add a 6 ft vanity with two sinks and two mirrors in the master bath. Â To the left of the vani
Interior Design	cornices. i just moved into my new house. Â i want to put cornices over all my windows. Â i have seen cornices made out of wood a
Interior Design	Kitchen window treatment. Rachel, Â I have a new home, that has turned out to be a nightmare, due to bad contractor. Â I normally
Interior Design	coordinating carpet with walls. My teenage son's room has a teal green carpet and he wants to paint the walls. He was thinking 
Interior Design	Modernism, Black Leather, and Making a Home Lovely. Hi there,  I'm in love with the modernist furniture of Le Corbusier, but be
Interior Design	Painting our Family room, kitchen, diining room. We have to paint our 1 yr. old, open concept home. Â Family room, kitchenette, 
Interior Design	Living room. We are moving soon in to the new house and I need to decorate our living room which is about 30 square meters. The
Interior Design	paint. I can not decide on a paint color for my kitchen. Â I have a light blue laminate countertop, my flooring is ceramic tile 
Interior Design	Baby Grand piano. hi! Im a pianist and I going to buy a Â white baby grand piano. I like very modern furniture, but I dont know 
Interior Design	Art Hanging System. I have dedicated one wall in my living room to hanging artwork - mostly paintings, but a few textlies, and 
Interior Design	dormers. Jenny, I need some help decorating my 2 bathrooms and 3 bedrooms that are blessed (?) with dormers. Â In one of the bat
Interior Design	basement TV /computer/play room. Jenny- I really appreciate your comments - thanks a whole bunch. Â 2 more questions if that's O
Interior Design	Wallpaper border.... Hello Rachel! Â I have a quick question, and hopefully a simple one. Â My husband and I just put up some wal
Interior Design	Paint colors. Hello its me agian i have another question i need some help on paints the colors i chose are not the one i want i
Interior Design	mixing patterns. I have a large sofa & loveseat burgendy/red in color, with gold swirls.It has dark wood trim surrounding the b
Interior Design	Plum colored duvet cover, now what?. I fell in love with a plum colored duvet cover and now am at a loss as to what other color
Interior Design	furniture and wall colors. I am ready for a change with paint color on my livingroom walls. Â The furniture is dark brown leathe
Interior Design	Width & Height of End Table Lamps. My end tables are 23 height, 24.5 depth and length l5. Â My problem is in the l5 length. Â 
Interior Design	Sconces over 30  bathroom vanity. We are remodeling and will have a 30 vanity with a framed mirror mounted above it. Â I would
Interior Design	Accent wall color and window treatment. Hello, I have a question about which wall to choose for an accent wall and the color to
Interior Design	Color selection for a dark living room. We have a fairly dark living room in which we decided to work on a bold, contemporary s
Interior Design	arched window treatments. We are buying a 2400 sq.ft. condo with large arched windows. What do you consider when choosing windo
Interior Design	Celular/honeycomb shades. Can you explain to me what the differance is between  the 3/4 single cell and 3/8 double cell in celu
Interior Design	Hard to be designer. I want to pursue my dream, so I start my own design service, I enjoy doing design work, but connect with r
Interior Design	Dining Room Redo. Hello, I just bought a 106 year old home. Most of it was paneled I guess in the 60's. I have painted alot of 
Interior Design	becoming an interior decorator. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Jenny, I have, perhaps, an unusual question
Interior Design	painting foyer and hallway. My front door opens to a foyer that I am now painting a Tibetan Red. Â When you are standing in the 
Interior Design	Bedroom window treatments. I have a 1960 brick rancher and the master bedroom has 2 small windows 24x 36 on one wall leading 
Interior Design	grey in a bedroom. Hi Ms. Wojcik  I have a small bedroom which i would like to paint in an interesting way. Â I was hoping to us
Interior Design	Different hard wood floor in kitchen. Hello, We have purchased an old home built in the 1800'S. They added an addiction that we
Interior Design	Bathroom Floor?. Hi Jenny-  I'm redoing my bathroom and am having a hard time picking out floor options. I have an older cape, 
Interior Design	paint color for older walls. Hi!  I have an older home and would like to paint my kitchen walls. Â What color should I use to hi
Interior Design	Bedroom decorating. Hello Rachel Mallon,  Im actually going to start decorating my current room now. I took your advice and wen
Interior Design	Material for floorcloth. Hello, Can I purchase canvas or whatever it is that is already to paint. Â I have used old material tha
Interior Design	moulding/paint. Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â _______________  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â | d Â Â Â Â Â kit. Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â |  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â | i 
Interior Design	family room. Hello, My name is Rocio. In my house the dining room and family room is just one big room. There are wood cabinets
Interior Design	Kitchen Color. We have a kitchen that has medium dark cherry cabinets, stainless steel appliances and countertops that are spec
Interior Design	can I use an oversized chandelier under certain circumstances?. QUESTION: I found this amazing chandelier. Look up www.bobointr
Interior Design	bedroom lightin. In some houses the bedroom main light is placed near to the window and not in the centre of the room. Â Why is 
Interior Design	Chandelier Size. I have a twelve foot dining table with a ten foot ceiling in a contemporary home. What length chandelier would
Interior Design	pot and track lighting. We need to replace 20 year old pot lights in our finished, windowless basement, which we use for an off
Interior Design	Kitchen lighting. We have 17'x14' kitchen with 9'ceiling. We currently have old fashioned florescent lights in two boxes. We ar
Interior Design	pendant lighting for kitchen island. QUESTION: I want to remove the large florescent light above my kitchen island and replace 
Interior Design	lighting types. Hi! I have a few questions.  1. What is deemed to be the most effective and protective light for a student stud
Interior Design	florescent lighting. i remeber hearing people say that it uses more electricity to turn on a florescent light than it uses to t
Interior Design	2 chandeliers over dining table. the dining room is 14 ft x 19 ft. Tray ceiling is 10 ft. the table is 10 ft x 4 ft. How far ap
Interior Design	fluoroscent lamp life. QUESTION: Where can i get a complete catalogue of official standard illumination levels?.I know that IES
Interior Design	Kitchen Island Pendant Lighting. QUESTION: We have an 84 by 27 kitchen island. We have chosen Restoration Hardware Benson 8 
Interior Design	Fluorescent Fixture. QUESTION: In case of a 2-lamp(F32T8) fluorescent fixture,if i had removed a lamp from the fixture.Will it 
Interior Design	breakfast room lighting. I am considering replacing the chandelier in my breakfast room with a linear (island chandelier). Â My 
Interior Design	Living room lighting fixture size. I have seen guides on the web for determining the width of a chandelier based on room size. 
Interior Design	Pain colors. I want to paint my son's room who is 10 years old. Â we just bought the house and there is a forest green rug in hi
Interior Design	Becoming a Decorator. My wife had always dreamed about becomming an interior decorator. Â She is very talented and our house loo
Interior Design	Orange walls green carpet. I saw a question you answered to a woman looking to paint some walls to go with a hunter green carpe
Interior Design	Paint colour. Hello I am a first time home buyer and excited to re- do my recroom. I want it to be like a pub style dark and re
Interior Design	Converting Two Living Areas Into One. My daughter is looking at buying a home that has two living areas -- formal and informal(
Interior Design	color for cabinets. I have just painted my kitchen walls white with matching crown molding and woodwork. I have a blue and whit
Interior Design	question about rug size and style. Hi. Â Could you possibly give me some advice on selecting rugs for my home? Â Our home is new,
Interior Design	furniture color. we are in the process of downsizing and moving to an over 55 community. The dining room and living room are on
Interior Design	Toning down red walls. Hello, I have painted a home office brick red and it is too red for me. Â Can you suggest any colors for 
Interior Design	Using light and dark wood in the same room. We are moving into a new home and the kitchen, breakfast nook and family room are a
Interior Design	Interior decorating. I am working with an interior decorator who claims he doesn't charge me for his service. I realize he must
Interior Design	Paint and Carpet choices. We are building a new house with an open concept and an open balcony looking from the second floor do
Interior Design	shop lighting. I have built a 30x60 workshop with 12ft ceilings. my hobby is working on cars, ( body & mechanics). Â My question
Interior Design	Painting furniture. Hi Banjamin!  I have some bookcases that i want to paint over. They're the assemble-your-self kind that y
Interior Design	Value of Lamps. Lamp Â  Hi I would like to know if you could tell me the value of these lamps. I purchased them several years ag
Interior Design	Home Decorating Theme. We have a great ranch that needs a great deal of updating cosmetically. Â I'm torn between two styles/the
Interior Design	what color to paint. Moving to a condo,townhouse, all carpets are grey. LR has large picture bow window..buying or covering exi
Interior Design	Color Cluster. We just moved in to a new home and the living room is driving me mad! The carpet color is a teal/green. Â There a
Interior Design	Reupholster. Hi, JoAnne! I have a very well constructed L-shaped sleeper sofa (2-pieces: 76 and 91) that is about 18 years ol
Interior Design	Lighting over Table. Kitchen Â  My dining table is in a separate section of a very large kitchen. Â The dining area gets very lit
Interior Design	Student Apt desk lamp. Can you recommend a desk lamp that will direct the light on the work and not light up the entire room? M
Interior Design	White appliances in kitchen. I am buying a house that currently has light Â maple cabinets, white appliances and a solid surface
Interior Design	Green carpet. We are getting our house ready to sell and need to repaint most of the rooms. Â 8 years ago we placed Aspen green 
Interior Design	Bedroom colors. We have a medium size bedroom, king-size bed, presently with no headboard, a white washed oak armoire, a dresse
Interior Design	light fixtures. What is the rule of thumb in choosing the size of a chandelier and the length of chain when hanging?
Interior Design	Fixture rating. Hello, I have a fixture I am wanting to use for a special lighting project. Â It was used for a reptile light bu
Interior Design	workshop lighting layout. designing a 24 by 30 ft workshop with 8 ft ceiling. plan on using 2 bulb 4ft t8 fluorescent fixtures.
Interior Design	track lighting. I have old track lights that have two ground conductor tabs on each light, can I just pop these old track heads
Interior Design	lamps shade question. Hi Jim, I have a pair of sconces that have a lamp shade. I need to replace the shade but am having proble
Interior Design	Dining room lighting. Our expanded dining room is 10x15. The original ceiling electrical source is  not being relocated to the 
Interior Design	Any information on this table lamp?. Vintage table lamp I bought this lamp at a flea market few years ago and I was wondering i
Interior Design	lighting for dinning room. I am converting my office into a dinning room/office. Â The room does not have a ceiling light now. Â 
Interior Design	converting screw in bulbs to candle type. Is there an easy way to convert a chandelier with screw in candle type bulbs to one w
Interior Design	lighting design for kitchen. I have a kitchen with a central fluorescent recessed fixture. Â It is a 4' x 4' opening with 6 4' t
Interior Design	Need help to decide lamp deal to go for. hi, i m providing u the link about the 4 piece lamp set at linen and things.Please sug
Interior Design	Track Lighting. We have a galley kitchen that is narrow (3' clear between countertops) and a high ceiling (10'6). Â The room di
Interior Design	recessed lighting in a kitchen. our kitchen cabinets are mounted 12 from the ceiling with no soffit. my wife wants recessed li
Interior Design	mini pendant lights. The ceiling portion above my island is 10 ft high (tray ceiling) Â Â I would like to install mini pendants. 
Interior Design	Dining Room Light Fixture Placement. Hi Tony - My dining room is 13.1 x 12.5. Â The light fixture is in the center of the room. 
Interior Design	hEIGHT OF SCONCES. WE ARE REMODELING TWO BATHS. MASTER VANITY IS 110 WIDE. 36 SINK BASE ON RIGHT. 36 SINK BASE ON LEFT. 36 
Interior Design	Buying all-new furniture, what goes well with dark wood floors?. Hi Jenny, I'm moving in to an apartment soon and although I ca
Interior Design	Drapery pull wands. I am making draperies for windows and patio door. They are made of silk and for easy of closure I would lik
Interior Design	8 ft. vanity. Hi Tony, we are renovating our master bath and we have decided on the 8 ft. double bowl vanity with tons of stora
Interior Design	Help. I have pine furniture, off-white walls and was wondering how I should decorate. I wouldn't like to use blue because I jus
Interior Design	window treatments for sliding glass doors. Is it okay to use draperies for a sliding glass door? Â I don't really care for verti
Interior Design	Dying a leather chair. Hi JoAnne,  I live in a small town on the Oregon coast. Someone gave me a white leather recliner which h
Interior Design	How to organize and decorate small spaces?. I live in a three bedroom apartment in New York City, so I am sure you can guess th
Interior Design	white living room. Hello  I am moving to a brand new home which I am very happy, we are using our exinting white furniture whic
Interior Design	Re-cover or replace a couch / room divider. Jenny, I have a chance to get a very nice, quality living room couch for a very rea
Interior Design	Colors for living room and kitchen. I have given my daughter my old home. Â It is quite small and we are having difficulty in se
Interior Design	bedroom update. We have a girls bedroom that we are converting into an antique guest bedroom. Â The carpet is a rose color and t
Interior Design	Interior hardware and fixtures. My house was built in late 1998. Â My husband and I are the second owners. Â Every piece of hardw
Interior Design	Kitchen floor tile size. Rachel, I have a small kitchen and would like to make it seem larger. One tile contractor told me to i
Interior Design	new home needs filled. I've just moved into a large new home and I need furniture to fill it but I am on a strict budget. Â I ha
Interior Design	small room. Hello, my Â bedroom is 14ft by 14ft with a 5ft window right on the middle of the wall across the entrance. Somehow i
Interior Design	decorating livingroom. My question is how to decorate my walls in my livingroom.All 4 walls are broken up. 1 wall is a large op
Interior Design	Colour choice. I have just bought a sofa and armchair in a beige/fawn colour, classic style. There is a brown fitted carpet and
Interior Design	window and trim color. Hello, My husband and I are planning on replacing our old windows with Marvin windows and our interior d
Interior Design	working with an interior designer. My questions involves working with a professional interior decorator. Do you know if there i
Interior Design	Stairway  bland. This question is about my Dad's house...it is about 60yrs old. I just painted the wall and ceiling going up th
Interior Design	slipcovers. I have just moved into a home twice the size of my previous home and would like to slipcover used furniture so I ha
Interior Design	Introducing Colors in a Room with Few Color Options. My family room is a large room with a cathedral ceiling and hardwood floor
Interior Design	bath colors. Hi, Â I have 2 bathrooms that have dusty rose fixtures. the whirlpool, toilet, pedestal sink, shower. They are all 
Interior Design	teen room decorating. Hi, I have a 14 yr. old daughter who has painted her room one wall pink one blue all the way around,it's 
Interior Design	lighting in multipurpose dining area. Hello, we are redoing our eating/dining area. Â we don't have a separate dining room so we
Interior Design	Lighting in open floor plan. I have an open floor plan with a big kitchen with lighting over an island and a dining area togeth
Interior Design	Bay Window Curtain Rods. Hi Jenny,  I am a new homeowner and learning alot in the process. I have bay windows and I purchased s
Interior Design	Hanging blinds. I purchased several blinds online because they were on sale. Â Two of them are the bamboo type blinds and two ar
Interior Design	interior design of juice shop. Hi Im happy to ask you these questions.  which style should I use in decorating a juice and smot
Interior Design	Furniture arrangement in long family room. I live in a typical ranch home with a very long rectangular family room. Â As you wal
Interior Design	Interior painting dilemma!!. My husband and I just bought a house and we love it. But now I would like painting to make it more
Interior Design	Kitchen colors. I just bought a 1955 2 bedroom bungalow with the tiniest kitchen I have ever seen. Â It measures no more than 8 
Interior Design	Color coordination. Hi! Â We are getting ready to paint our living room, and I am tired of white! Â Our carpet still has a few go
Interior Design	Used unwanted CDs for decorating a wall. I have hundreds and hundreds of used Cds that are just taking up space. Â I was thinkin
Interior Design	Living room wall painting. I'm having a hard time to find a color for my living room. I have black lather sofa and chair-reclin
Interior Design	Challenging Interior??? Decoration. Dear Jenny, I am a sculptor who happens not to have a real studio. All I have is one third 
Interior Design	selecting wallpaper/paint. I have a medium blue couch with peach as the secondary color. Â I am desperately trying to find some 
Interior Design	2 questions about office. I have 2 questions: 1. I have a small room for my office - approx. 9x9 is it better to use light wall
Interior Design	Decrorating a Guest Bedroom. Bedroom is 11x12 facing the southeast. The walls are a Linen White with a light gold trim, and lig
Interior Design	type of furniture with a leather bed. My son's room is painted in 2 shades of blue. Â A light blue and maybe a slate blue. Â His 
Interior Design	finding old pages of french poetry. I recently moved into a much bigger home and would like to decorate it on a budget. Â I like
Interior Design	basement wall color. Hi Jenny, We are currently finishing our walkout basement and can not decide what color to paint the walls
Interior Design	faux stained-glass. Hi, I was wondering if you know of a website or store where I could find faux stained-glass window appliquÂ
Interior Design	right color to paint bathroom. Hi Jenny,  I could use your help in choosing a wall color for my bathroom and updating ideas.  I
Interior Design	Color coordination of window blinds. We just replaced every window in the house with dark brown aluminum windows with grids. Â W
Interior Design	Type of wood flooring in new house. We are having a new house built and it's selection time. Â I'm having a hard time deciding o
Interior Design	Interns. Is it easy to find a job as an intern in the interior design industry?
Interior Design	Giant Fireplace. Help! I just moved from a small townhome where I lived since 1991 to a house that's almost double in size. My 
Interior Design	I have created a diaster. Thank you so much you were absolutely right. Â Now my kitchen I have a grey stone lookning tile on the
Interior Design	Grey curtain panels. I have looked everywhere for affordable gray rod pocket panels. Any suggestions?
Interior Design	Matching Wall Color to Rug and Chairs. My husband has a small, 10x12 office room in our home with a 5x8 rug over hardwoods. The
Interior Design	odd color paint. i had already typed to you but i am not sure it went through so darker barn red on my walls 4 large white trim
Interior Design	Great Room Design Problem. Jenny,  My wife and I recently bought a house and have been having a design problem with our great r
Interior Design	Curtain / draperie length. Hello Rachel,  My wife and I were just discussing putting up some kind of draperies or curtains for 
Interior Design	decorating a split-foyer home. We just bought a 1999 split-foyer home.   Everything is like a blank slate. Walls are light beig
Interior Design	college. Did you go to college to become an interior decorator? If so, is it required that you do, how many years did you spend
Interior Design	painting over high gloss paint. living alone and in a large house with a limited budget i am trying to decorate myself. the for
Interior Design	Moroccan Theme. Dear Ms. Wojcik,  I have a small (approximately 13 X 15 ) spare bedroom that I want to decorate as a sitting ro
Interior Design	Wall color with laminate floor and cherry furniture. Hello, I've recently starting converting a bedroom into and office and am 
Interior Design	decorating walls. Hi Rachel,  Recently, we remodeled our living room, and a small back room. Â We tore down the wall between the
Interior Design	Pendant light spacing. Hi Tony, we have a long dining room table, just over 9 feet long at 109 inches and 43 inches wide.   We 
Interior Design	Furniture Placement. The tables are Chinese Rosewood and I have beautiful hand painted cinnabar/white lamps which I wouldn t gi
Interior Design	L-shaped living room and dining room paint. Here is my dillema: Â We have just bought a new home (we haven't moved in yet) and i
Interior Design	Coordinating Furniture color and Wall paint color?. I'm trying to find paint for wall color to match new sofa and floors. Â The 
Interior Design	Wall decor ideas. Hi Jenny , hope you can help with a decorating question. I have a freestanding bar (autumn cherry finish with
Interior Design	Wood color. In my new home I am using natural maple cabinets. Â The kitchen, living room and home office are all open to each ot
Interior Design	choosing color for Monkey Room. I've got a dining room with monkeys painted on the walls, holding various pieces of fruit, pois
Interior Design	Rug Hanging. I have a fairly good size authentic Navaho Indian rug that I would like to hang on my wall but I am uncertain abou
Interior Design	furniture placement on rugs. Our house has wood flooring and came with two area rugs, rectangular and large. Â When placing couc
Interior Design	crown molding and wood trim. HI; my Husband and i just finished remolding are half bath. The question we have is ,do we paint o
Interior Design	Furniture placement. Hi: Â I just purchased a 2 storey townhouse. Â The main floor which is kitchen, dining room, small bathroom 
Interior Design	Refinishing French Provincial. I may be receiving a set of '60's-type creamy white French Provincial furniture with the gold pa
Interior Design	lighting and window treatments. Cindy,  I have remodeled a Rambler I have natural hickory cabinets in a u shaped kitchen with
Interior Design	room painting. what is the average price of a 1 litre tin of paint. Does paint come in 1.5 litre. If so, how much wall space do
Interior Design	low pine ceilings. Hello Benjamin, I have just purchased a very small home and two of the bedrooms are in the basement. Â These 
Interior Design	laminate floor color tones. Benjamin,  I have remodeled a rambler. Â kitchen cabinets are natural hickory, tile floor rocca grey
Interior Design	recommended sofa for narrow door/entrance. I am converting an old bedroom to a media/tv room and desparately need advice on wha
Interior Design	ceiling painting. I am trying to paint my ceiling. I would like to know what is the best type of paint to use. The size of the 
Interior Design	Color to paint walls in family room. Hi Cindy, My husband purchased a new set of furniture for me for mother's day. My family r
Interior Design	choosing a color for my kitchen. Hi Mr. Cottrell, I am renovating my kitchen & I am having a hard time deciding what color to p
Interior Design	Colors and Furnishing Tips. I have a cognac leather sofa and chair, and I would like to incorporate brown tones into my space. 
Interior Design	Wallpaper. Â Â Hi Jenny,   Â Â Â Â Â I am having trouble finding the wallpaper that I want. Â Basic search engines are giving me boring
Interior Design	Window treatment Question. Help! Â I need some advice! We have lived in this house for over 3 years and we have yet to cover our
Interior Design	Kichen Color. I have medium color wood floors, and cream appliances. The floor color is recent and will not change. I will even
Interior Design	spotlights. Hi, I really like the effect of spotlights or downlighters,but because were renting a house we can't use them.What 
Interior Design	fluorescent light box replacement. fluorescent light box Â  Hello. I have recently purchased a 1990 home with a HUGE fluorescent
Interior Design	Floor lamp wiring. Hi, I have an old floor lamp with brown split (2) wiring, the plug has 3 connections, E, E and N. Which do I
Interior Design	my room!. Hi...well....I am graduating college in a week and am living at home for a year so that I can save money for grad sch
Interior Design	Split foyer. Where do I place a 46.5W X 32.5L picture on the solid wall of my foyer? I have an open banister in the living room
Interior Design	Painting a buffet. I have a wood buffet which is veneer covered. I would like to paint it that beautiful black color I see on s
Interior Design	cushion colours. what colour cushions would best match my beige couch. My house them is browns and beige. My dining chair cover
Interior Design	Paint color/window covering. I have a spare bedroom which is 11' by 9 1/2' that I am turning into an office. My desk and cabine
Interior Design	Pinks in a small bedroom. Benjamin,  I would really like pink in my small bedroom. How do i go about desiding what pinks to use
Interior Design	Paint color. I have an open floor plan with my living room dining room and kitchen all been visable. Â   My floors are natural w
Interior Design	camouflage folding table. I have not used my dining room for 5 years. We have a kitchen -- eating area -- family room across th
Interior Design	career in int design. I have more of a question on how you got started. Â I would like to know how you got clients together, how
Interior Design	Painting Trim. Rachel- Hello, and thank you for volunteering to help DIY-ers like myself! I have completed redecorating my bath
Interior Design	cathedral ceilings. Hi Jenny, We are currently building a home and I have to choose interior colors. Â I love rich warm colors a
Interior Design	kitchen appliances. A little over 2 years ago I redid my kitchen, I had new cabinets put in and got a new stove, microwave and 
Interior Design	Ceiling lamp shades. Glass Lamp Shades Can you tell me anything about these 2 shades. They were removed from and old home. They
Interior Design	bay windows. I am having a house built, and the home has two bay windows: one in the bedroom ahd one in the den. Â The one in th
Interior Design	Laminate flooring. I am about to floor my bedroom with red-stained oak laminate flooring, however I have birch furniture. Is it
Interior Design	Selecting Window Covering Fabric. I am trying to select window coverings/valances for a rec room. The room is about 20' X 23'
Interior Design	Updating Basement Room. Hello. Â I am updating the one finished room in our basement. Â It is a cross between a sports room (with
Interior Design	decorating area over couch. We just added on a family room and have a sectional don't know what to do with the 2 large wall are
Interior Design	Faux finish our basement/Family room?. Hello Jenny, it's me, Jennifer Terry. I asked you some questions about my master bedroom
Interior Design	colour co-ordination/lack of??!?!?. We are decorating our bedroom the wallpaper is bright orange and the carpet will be beige. 
Interior Design	Lsrge room dilema. I have a very long living room/dining room combination. I don't know how to to really decorate it since ther
Interior Design	Furnishing an 8'x10' sunroom. We have just purchased a home on Cape Cod and it has a 8'x10' sunroom (glass walls on 3 sides and
Interior Design	My Bedroom. Hi, I want to give my bedroom a whole new look. Usually I'm really good at decorating, but I need help. I'm 15 abou
Interior Design	redoing a living room. Okay, where to start?!! I have an L-shaped lr dining room currently painted a very soft pinky/beige..my 
Interior Design	Exterior house colors. Hi Jenny, We live in a ranch style bungalow with attached garage. Â It is red brick with white trim aroun
Interior Design	Color for counter tops and floor in kitchen. We are doing a complete kitchen remodle. I'm going with a white or almond distress
Interior Design	Little girl bedroom. Need to put 2 and 3 year old girls in small bedroom (10.5 x 12.83). Â Will be using x-long twin mattresses.
Interior Design	HELP ME PLEASE!!!!. Wow, first of all, I am so excited to find you. You sound like you could hep me... hopefully. My name is Ke
Interior Design	Creating two room functions in one room!. Hi  I am a newlywed and my step-daughter comes to stay with us every other weekend. T
Interior Design	Decorating walls. Jenny, We have a wall in our living room that is turning out to be a challenge. Â We have vaulted ceilings tha
Interior Design	Great Room dilemma. Hi Jenny, My husband and I just bought our first home and are right now experiencing a curious mixture of s
Interior Design	Painting a kitchen. What color do I paint my kitchen? Â It has dark wood cabinets, white and bright navy blue tile back splash, 
Interior Design	Color question.. Hello Jenny, My name is Jennifer Terry, You've helped me with some questions before, about my basement and my 
Interior Design	New laminate floor. Good morning, I am in the process of re-decorating my kitchen. Â The major wall color is a light apricot lea
Interior Design	Home decor. I am redoing my small condo on a budget and I need lots of help!! Whenever I look at a store catalog or model home 
Interior Design	livingroom has sofits; dentil mouldings. I am going to have my walls painted Safari 312-3 from Pittsburgh paint (light green co
Interior Design	Room Decorating. Hello, I hope you can help me. I'm moving to South Carolina from Florida and want to know how to decorate my n
Interior Design	Basement decoratring. Jenny,  Hello!! I am writing to ask a couple of decorating questions. First of all, I have a deep red/mar
Interior Design	Renaissance Italy. Hi Jenny--  I would like to decorate my classroom with a Renaissance Italian theme...to kind of go along wit
Interior Design	lamp identification. picture1 I purchased these lamps and was curious as to when they were made, by what company and what were 
Interior Design	stain color for window and door w/dark furniture. We recently renovated a family/media room. Â The walls are olive color, the la
Interior Design	help me with my bedroom, please!!. Dear Linn,  Thank u for answering my question , I hope your health is better now.  I need a 
Interior Design	Curtain color help. I have to pick out my curtains and I'm a bit unsure about the color to choose. I have modern furniture and 
Interior Design	Galley Kitchen lighting. I have a galley kitchen. The kitchen, living room, dining room and loft area are open to the roof line
Interior Design	80's Bathroom. Hi Rachel... My husband and I just bought our first house. Â It's perfect. Â We're poor :) I've picked out paint a
Interior Design	Outdoor hanging bed..... I saw an article about decorating a porch. Â It featured a double bed that was suspended from the cei
Interior Design	Kitchen island lighting. I am renovating my kitchen. Â My new island will be 72 in x 34.5 in and I want to use some decorative p
Interior Design	furniture. Hello Ms. Wojcik,  My husband and I basically know what are style and tastes are, we prefer traditional looks, darke
Interior Design	Furniture in a Long Room. Hi Rachel. Â I hope you can give me some ideas. Â We are transforming our dining room/ living room area
Interior Design	36'diameter pendant lighting. I ordered this awesome fixture but I looks so big now that it has arrived. My table is 84x38 in a
Interior Design	Kitchen table-?. Rachel: The area in the kitchen, for the kitchen table measure: 7'6 wide x Â 9'6 long. Â It just my husband an
Interior Design	Choosing interior paint color. Hi Cindy,  My husband and I were recently married and are having trouble choosing interior paint
Interior Design	LIVING ROOM SOFA. Jenny  Hi, Â I am looking for very specific type of sofa for my living room. Basically, I would like to get wh
Interior Design	My blue bedroom. Hi jeeny. I Have really big problem That my whole bedroom is blue, My furnitue ( wood)carpet is blue ) dressin
Interior Design	Living room coordinates. Hi Alicia, We got a new home with a corner fireplace in the  living room....its open to the dining/kit
Interior Design	Heritage home bedroom. Hi Jenny!  Thanks so much for the great ideas! Â I think your storage idea will work GREAT in our room! Â 
Interior Design	Crown Moulding a vaulted ceiling?. I'm wondering if I can apply crown moulding to a living/dining room area that vaults from 8 
Interior Design	Window Toppers. How do I choose window toppers for my dining room? I have an open floor plan and never gave any thought to the 
Interior Design	color problems. have forest green carpet in my bedroom, a solid light sterling lilac colored bedspread that I love and I have n
Interior Design	lightshade. i would like to make an ellaborate metal lightshade and decorate it with beads, maybe ribbon, what metal should i u
Interior Design	our home theatre. hi,  we just did a nice job on our home theatre. Â we hung burgundy and gold curtains on the walls to give it 
Interior Design	Bedroom Colours. Hi,  I am trying to decorate our bedroom in our new house. Â Our comforter is charcoil gray and I want to match
Interior Design	wall color for hunter green carpet. We have hunter green carpet, dark stained trim, and tan furniture. I would love to add some
Interior Design	color, paint- for a small room. hi,  I was hoping you could help me choose color for a small bedroom. Â I know lighter colors gi
Interior Design	Not pretty in pink. Dear Jenny,  I just purchased my first home which I love but for one feature-the tile in my bathroom is hor
Interior Design	Entry Way. Rachel,  I am in the process of redecorating my living room. The size of my space is 12x12 which I consider to be an
Interior Design	Wall Decor. I have a pretty good size wall on one side of my dining room that I am having a hard time finding the perfect decor
Interior Design	Space needed around a dining table. How much space is needed for an oval table 41 X 73 with seating for 6. Chairs out with 6 
Interior Design	response to answer on wall border. Hi Jenny,  You said in your answer about my wall border dilemma that I should search the int
Interior Design	living room furniture placement. I have lived in this home 15 years and have never been happy with my living room (20x30). Â I w
Interior Design	seductive room. Hi i have a neighbour who is into bondage, and she was asking if i knew of any ideas of how to set up a bondage
Interior Design	Carpet and Wall Paint Co-ordination. I have recently bought a brick red carpet for my dining room, and want to paint the walls 
Interior Design	bedding. MY BEDROOM AS LIGHT GREEN WALLS. Â MY HOUSE IS REALLY FUNKY WITH PRIMARY COLORS. I AM TRING TO DO THIS ROOM WITH A LITT
Interior Design	Color help needed for master bedroom. Hello again and thank you for your quick response, I was considering both of those colors
Interior Design	low ceilings in rental basement. I would like to make the basement apartments and hall feel friendly and inviting. The ceilings
Interior Design	Decorating a  Bedroom. Hi I live in an apartment right now and I am trying to figure out what to do with the small space in my 
Interior Design	painting wall mural. I tried to paint a sunset on my bedroom ceiling and it's awful. Now, as I decide what to do to either try 
Interior Design	Type of Lighting Fixture. Which lighting fixture should be used for a building having  roof height of above 100m? It is for ste
Interior Design	living room decor. Hi,  We got a new home...living room 14' x 24'... Fireplace is on back of house wall...CORNER.. then 2 windo
Interior Design	Hand rubbed black paint finish. Hi I am planning on refinishing a dining room set and would like to attempt a hand rubbed black
Interior Design	Help me with my living room. I have recently gotten new furniture in my home and also remodeled my kitchen and opened it up to 
Interior Design	Kitchen matching. I have alomond kitchen cabinets that are just plain with no detail on them whatsoever. And also a natural oak
Interior Design	Appliance & wall colors. Our home is a 1970 split entry. We are remodeling our kitchen, knocking out a wall between the kitchen
Interior Design	bold quilt dominates room. My mom made a very bold quilt for my guest bedroom - black, white and red and very modern/abstract l
Interior Design	Repainting. Hi my names Diana and Im 14 years old. Â Im really into wrestling and rocking music. Â Right now my rooms painted a p
Interior Design	COLOUR. MY HUSBAND RECENTLY SURPRISED ME WITH A GIFT OF CHAIRS! THEY ARE VERY Â NICE BUT THE PROBLEM IS COLOUR... THEY ARE ALL B
Interior Design	Converting Chandelier Regular Bulbs to Candle w/Bulbs. I know there is a converter that can be screwed into the socket of a reg
Interior Design	Ambient/enhanced lighting leds. I would like to make my own ambient light behind my tv. I know you can buy strips/ ect... but
Interior Design	Wallpapering knockdown painted walls. I would like to wallpaper my kitchen but we have the new knockdown painted walls. Will wa
Interior Design	how to I block wall above a cabinet. I have turned part of my back porch into a foyer area. This area connects the main part of
Interior Design	Hanging height for foyer lamp. Our foyer is 8 x 15 with stairs coming straight down on one side. Â The  current fixture (hung 
Interior Design	Bedroom decorating dilemma. Hi! I need help! I have just moved into this bedroom that has 2 corner shelves installed one above 
Interior Design	sliding chandelier. Currently my dining room chandelier hangs over the center of my table. Â When I  entertain large groups my t
Interior Design	Dining Room Furniture. I am looking to purchase new furniture for my 11 x 11 dining room. Â I simply don't know how much furnitu
Interior Design	Paint colors. Hello, We are getting ready to redecorate our living and dining room. Â The living room is a decent size for a tow
Interior Design	I'm moving into an alcove.... I'm moving into an alcove studio apt. Â So far all I have is a dark blue couch. Â The carpet is a c
Interior Design	color schemes. Recently my fiance and I bought a black couch, loveseat, and glass end tables and a coffee table with black circ
Interior Design	window. hi rachel, my name is richard and i have a question for you. on one of my landings i have a window that is 20 wide 8' 
Interior Design	Repainting furniture. I am trying to repaint the furniture in my bedroom, and I was sanding the furniture before I did this. Th
Interior Design	Living room sofa set. Hi, have a quick question. How do you see microfiber sofa and love saet in a formal living room ? Are the
Interior Design	Cherry Cabinets. Thanks so much for your response! When you say gray/black accessories, do you mean pictures, or something else
Interior Design	Dark Stained Floors, HELP!. I just recently stained my foundation with conrete stain. They are a dark brown ( but not a uniform
Interior Design	paint color cont.... Was asking about painting a rectangular room aprox. 10 X 16. Long walls have 2 doorways on one side and 2 
Interior Design	What color should I paint my room. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I have a bedroom that I hope to be total
Interior Design	doorway. I am trying to find the name of something. I know the name but I can seem to spit it out. They hang in door ways. Kind
Interior Design	12' wall. We have just finished a big construction project and I am wondering how to paint the large room adjacent to my kitche
Interior Design	FURNITURE AND LIGHTING PLACEMENT. I have a large window in my dining room but it is not centered in the room. Opposite the wind
Interior Design	bathroom window. I have recently moved into a house that has a window in the shower/ bathtub. Â The window is located where lots
Interior Design	updating french provincial furniture. Hi Jenny. I'm getting ready to move into my first apartment (recent college grad) and I'm
Interior Design	kitchen counter top. We're re- doing our kitchen - new paint, trim, floor, curtains, etc. The problem is the sink countertop. I
Interior Design	Wall color versus Furniture color. My dilema is my family room, kitchen eating area and family room.   Â Â Â Â When you walk in my 
Interior Design	Choosing paint color. We need to repaint our walk-out-basement family room, entryway, and hall. Â The family room has no windows
Interior Design	slanted walls. I have a bedroom with one wall slanted. I would like to know how I should arrange furniture and wallpaper the ro
Interior Design	Information about our chandelier. Chandelier Â  Hi Tony, My husband and I are trying to find out any information we can about th
Interior Design	Decorating - paint color. I need help selecting paint colors. Â We have lived in this home 3 1/2 years and I'm ready for color. 
Interior Design	WIndow treatments. Help I need some advice! We have lived in this house for over 3 years and we have yet to cover our front roo
Interior Design	Where to start. I really don't know where to begin.My house is 3 years old and still all white walls!!I have catheral ceilings 
Interior Design	Fluroescent lighting. I have 2 X 4' fluorescent lighting fixtures in my office. I am considering updating them from T12 to T8 f
Interior Design	L-Shaped Room Layout Dilemma. Our home is a 50's rancher - style is somewhere between traditional and country. Â We are much mor
Interior Design	New house. I recently moved into a townhome that is a raised ranch style with an english basement, the upstairs is very open wi
Interior Design	contemporary and modern designing. Hi. I was wondering what is the difference between contemporary and modern design when it co
Interior Design	Kitchen with dark green counters. I have a nice small to medium size kitchen (12x12) it has nice light coming in through window
Interior Design	Lighting fixture wattage capacity ratings. Hi Tony - I recently moved into a home that has various incandescent fixtures that I
Interior Design	hi. Hi Im a college student female from Long beach. I stay in the dorms and the room is so dead that i hate being in there and 
Interior Design	wall color for bedroom. I am looking for a gold color for my large bedroom and bathroom. The floor and shower in the bathroom i
Interior Design	PAINT COLOR. IAM INTERESED IN PAINTING MY LIVING AND DINING/KITCHEN AREA!IT IS ALL OPEN TO EACH OTHER DOWN THE BACKSIDE OF THE 
Interior Design	Floor Cloth. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  What would you sugggest for making own floor covering for a te
Interior Design	Low Ceilings. Greetings!  Â Our home is a 50's CA ranch. Â The ceilings in the original part of the house are only a little over 
Interior Design	Decorative columns. Hi Jenny, I recently purchased a small house with a joint living/dining room. Â To the right of the dining r
Interior Design	fabric. I'm an interior design student and i'm only on my second term. I am designing my friends room and we have decided that 
Interior Design	lighting fixtures and finishes. Help!!  My husband and I are building our dream home,and I need to pick out lighting for the ho
Interior Design	finding specific furniture. In spite of hours and hours of internet searching, I cannot find the maker/manufacturer/supplier of
Interior Design	Dark room. I have a lovely old victorian home. The dining room is panelled and beamed with mahogany. There is also a big mahoga
Interior Design	Colors for Sunporch Wicker. I want to paint some old wicker pieces to use on my sunporch. Â Floor is terra cotta colored glazed 
Interior Design	area rug. I want to purchase an area rug for my family room my problem is it will go over carpet and the coffe table that goes 
Interior Design	Painting Walls. I am in a quandary about whether or not to paint the intake registers and switch/outlet plates in my home. Â My 
Interior Design	where can i find a virtual.... where can i find a virtual site on african decorated roos one that shows many different room sty
Interior Design	Bedroom Dilemma. Hello, I am looking to decorate my bedroom. Â The room is aprox. 10x14. Â I have a couple of questions. Every wa
Interior Design	kitchen. I have a small kitchen 14'x 8' We just got a new range & Frig in biscuit the top of the range has taupe burners. My qu
Interior Design	table for kitchen. Rachel: Space in my kitchen (cherry cabinets-light color formica/light color beige floor/tapestry wall paper
Interior Design	floorcloths. I am interested in making my own floor cloth to go in my kitchen, in front of sink. What advise or direction can y
Interior Design	closet doors. I have painted my bedroom Benjamin Moore Light yellow, with cloud white trim and ceiling. Â Â My bedding set is Ral
Interior Design	Help with paint color choice.. I am purchasing a house that although it is nicely decorated, I'm not fond of the color choices 
Interior Design	New Home Construction. Hi Jenny,  My wife and I live in Michigan and are in the process of building a new home. Â It is a two st
Interior Design	colour scheme.  I have a 18' by 14' lounge with a large east facing bay window in a modern house. I am in the process of havin
Interior Design	to paint or not to paint vaulted ceilings.... I have a very small apt-700sq and have decided to keep the  color scheme the sam
Interior Design	displaying photos. I have a whole slew of family photos to display. My apartment has a staircase leading up sto 2nd floor. I ha
Interior Design	choosing a paint color. I have a one bedroom condo. Â The living room, dining room and kitchen are sunken from the front hall (w
Interior Design	quest room query. Hello: we have a 2 bedroom house. when we purchased the home it was listed as a 3 bedroom b/c there is a room
Interior Design	bedroom decorating. Dear Rachel:   Â Â Â Â I live in Michigan, my house is 5-years old and my husband  and I have decorated the who
Interior Design	tablecloth dimensions. Hi JoAnne, I am confused about the correct dimensions for a tablecloth for my dining table. My table is 
Interior Design	chair-rails & Oak Trim. My husband and I just bought a house that has Oak cabinets in the kitchen ( with brass - yuck. There is
Interior Design	texure or not to texture. I am in the process of updating my entryway. Â I will be replacing a wooden railing with a stub wall. 
Interior Design	sofa in speigel. Hi, Hope you can help me. I want the sofa that is located in the Signature collection of the spring 2006 Spe
Interior Design	furniture selection. Hi We are buying furniture for a boys room .I want to know if this combination is o.k. that is bed, chest 
Interior Design	Replacment part for Chandelier. Chandelier I need to replace an arm for for my kitchen chandelier. We found the model number 
Interior Design	powder room lighting. Hi Jim, I am still having problems deciding on a Â ceiling light fixture for my powder room. My room dimen
Interior Design	Pendant over bed. Hi!  Could you please give me advice on hanging a pendant light over a king size bed? I would like to know th
Interior Design	masterbed room fan. Hi Jim, Our bedroom is 22 long x 15 wide, we have a king size 4 poster bed in the middle of the room. I wou
Interior Design	Mini Chandelier Size. I want to hang a mini chandelier over my master bath whirlpool tub. Â The room is large with the tub measu
Interior Design	dinning room chandelier. Hi Jim, Elizabeth again. Â Our dining room is 16ft x 14ft. Â It has a tray ceiling, highest point is 10 
Interior Design	Bathroom Wall Lights. I have a 72 Master Bath vanity with two 24 under-counter bowls. Â There is a full mirror behind the vani
Interior Design	Coca-Cola Lamp. Coca-Cola Lamp Hello,  Recently I was given a hanging Coca-Cola Tiffany style lamp. Â It was purchased by my gri
Interior Design	Lighting to use in detached garage.. We built a 26><38 detached garage. With 3 garage doors, 2 at one end and 1 at the other. W
Interior Design	sofa table lighting. I have a 48L x 16D Old Hickory sofa table that needs some lighting. Â I was hoping to use 2 lamps; what h
Interior Design	replacing a chandelier. I have a chandelier up now. Â I want to replace it, leaving the long chain, with a barrel lamp shade (li
Interior Design	pendants over island. QUESTION: We have a 7ft x 3ft island and would like 3 pendants above. Would 3 pendants 11 3/4 dia each Â 
Interior Design	junction box not centered in kitchen. My friend is redecorating his kitchen. Problem is this; His junction box is not properly 
Interior Design	Practicality - Design. In Philadelphia, PA, at 'Ruth's Lamps and Shades', I'd seen, and adored a swag, light-colored (perhaps v
Interior Design	installing IKEA chandelier (Kristaller). Can light fixture Hi... I'm installing an IKEA chandelier into a canned light fixture.
Interior Design	how to design a light fixture. Dear Tony, I would like your help in recommending a specialist who can advise on technical assig
Interior Design	Lamp makeover. Lamp I have attached an image below of a sort of techno/modern style lamp I received as a gift I really like the
Interior Design	cfl bulbs. Hubby walked through house & noticed smoke filling our family room. Checked the fixture, found one of the 4 cfl bulb
Interior Design	Foyer Light Height?. We have a foyer that is 18 feet high, and about 8 feet wide with a staircase going straight up one side, w
Interior Design	Choosing fixtures. We are building a new home and I am choosing the fixtures. I have found some fixtures for 3 bathrooms and a 
Interior Design	Lighting over Peninsula. I've been scanning the Web to find an answer to our dilemma without much luck.  We're replacing the li
Interior Design	Sofa Table Lighting. QUESTION: I need lighting on a 48L x 16 D Old Hickory sofa table. Â I was hoping to place 2 lamps on this
Interior Design	replacement glass shade. QUESTION: We have a 7 student lamp that we broke the shade. The color was pink,it had a dogwood print
Interior Design	foyer lighting. I have a hallway 5 1/2 ft wide x 14 feet long, with Â 10 ft ceiling, 2 sets of double doors and a single door le
Interior Design	furnishing new house. I have a brand new house with an open floor plan: 19x22 kitchen with island/bar, in front of that is the
Interior Design	window treatment. Hi Jenny We are doing a sort of italian theme in our kitchen/eating area. Â The cabinets are tall and white. Â 
Interior Design	kitchen surfaces renovation. Hi Jenny. Â once again i have a dilemma of sorts! Â We are changing all surfaces in our 30 year old 
Interior Design	Piano placement. -------------------------  Followup To  Question - Thanks for your quick reply. Â But there's to much sun light
Interior Design	Chosing chandelier to go over glass table. Hi -  We recently bought a glass top dining room table, and have been looking to upd
Interior Design	Painting Upholstery. I recently acquired for free 2 couches. I love the style and they are extremely comfortable. However, the 
Interior Design	Request for Interior Decoration Advice. Dear Sir,   I would like to make an interior decoration in my house, which are included
Interior Design	Introducing color in living room. Hello, Jenny,  Â Â Â Â My living room is almost monochromatic. Â Walls are warm white.   Â Â Â Â Secti
Interior Design	Kitchen color scheme. Hi - We are completely redoing our kitchen. Â We have chosen maple cabinets in a Cherry color. Â My biggest
Interior Design	Assistance for Interior Decoration. Dear Sir,   I would like to make an interior decoration in my house, which are included 2+1
Interior Design	Paint Color for Basement Walls. I have a large, rectangular basement with pinky-beige carpet and--like most basements-low light
Interior Design	wallpapering and painting. I am doing some renovating and decorating my kitchen. Â My house is a very old house, over 125yrs old
Interior Design	floor covering. 3 years ago we put laminate flooring in our living room dining room and hallway leading to the bedrooms. We are
Interior Design	window treatments and ceiling light. Hello 2 bedrooms in our house have windows that are off center, very close to one of the w
Interior Design	Beach Retreat Bedroom. Jenny, I am wanting to create a beach retreat look for my master bedroom. Â This idea sprang from a compr
Interior Design	window treatments. Jenny,  Â Thank you for your response. I think you are right to stick with neutrals on the shades or blinds a
Interior Design	kitchen paint color. I live in a contemporary house and have a small kitchen that I have just updated with bright-white semi-gl
Interior Design	Bookshelf Lighting. QUESTION: Hi, I am in the process of remodeling our home. Â We are having custom built- in bookcases made fo
Interior Design	blue tape. My husband and I finally followed through and painted our bedroom walls a dark green. Â We LOVE it however we were mo
Interior Design	Furniture placement in family room. Hi there, we have just moved into a large home. We have a very large family room. Â We would
Interior Design	Kitchen tray ceiling. Hi!  We plan to remove an old fluorescent recessed system in our kitchen (inset into a soffitt with plast
Interior Design	colors for living room walls. Hi Jenny, My living room is 12feet by 20feet.I have just recently pursched a taupe micro fiber so
Interior Design	Bedroom decor. Thanks, Rachel. Â Yes, I'm referring to the Barbary Coast of old San Francisco. Â I'm actually looking for the ima
Interior Design	informal dining room lighting. Tony: I am curious...do you ever design lighting plans to include just recessed lights over the 
Interior Design	Matching the furniture. Dear Ms.Wojcik I have a problem and need your expert opinion. We are moving to a new large townhome and
Interior Design	Furniture. I am looking for living room reclining sectional furniture but I do not want the high-back (36 inches or higher) tha
Interior Design	Bathroom Vanity Light over Wall Mounted Cabinet. We are building a house in which two of the bathrooms have 30 vanities each u
Interior Design	Bedroom Painting. Hi Jenny, Thanks for your help. Â The bedroom will be for me and my wife. Â And she likes purple and orange, bu
Interior Design	Selecting Dining Light Fixture. 3-3-09 Â  QUESTION: Hi Tony,  With all of your experience, I'm hoping you can help me out of my 
Interior Design	Grey Carpet and Blue Countertops. I just recently was approved for my first apartment, and was informed by the management that 
Interior Design	Manufactured Home Decor Problem. Hello, and thank you for answering my question. I love my home, but am at a loss as how to dec
Interior Design	choosing color over white. We built our house 10 years ago and painted all the walls white or cream because we could not make o
Interior Design	why deacon's bench??. Hello Ms. Wojcik: This question is no doubt outside your terms of reference, but I wonder how I might f
Interior Design	Dealing with fine wood paneling.... My house is 50 yo, a cape cottage style, rough broad Â Adirondack-style clapboard exterior. 
Interior Design	Paint color and finish. I am trying to decide on a paint color for the foyer in our house. Â The foyer is quite dark as there ar
Interior Design	Window Treatment Suggestion. Hello!  We live in an older home in Kansas..built in the 30's, but it has windows dated pre-1910 b
Interior Design	kitchen colors. I have moved in a home recently and am going to re-do my kitchen wall colors. Â It has all white cabinetry (beau
Interior Design	decorating a little girls' room. My daughter-in-law asked for my help in decorating my grandaughter's room with a lollipop th
Interior Design	Maple Cabinets Now What ?. Hello, I really need your help with my kitchen remodel. I have purchased Mills Pride Natural Maple C
Interior Design	showcasing a home for sale. Hi, Jenny,  My 56-year-old boyfriend is putting his house on the market so we can combine household
Interior Design	mixing different woods in close proximity. Hi Jenny,  I am building a house and need some advice about the kitchen. Â There are 
Interior Design	livingroom decor. I have a home built in 1927, my livingroom has natural dark walnut woodwork, a brick fireplace and hardwood f
Interior Design	Paint choices. I need a recommendation for an east facing living room. We don't want a beige or a cream. What color would you s
Interior Design	Multipurpose Room Design. Hi Jenny, I have an interior design nightmare. Â I have a great room to work with so I am hoping you c
Interior Design	Layout for long narrow rooms. Dear Jenny,  I live in Ho Chi Minh City, in Vietnam, where the typical house is a wierdly shaped 
Interior Design	Small, dark apartment. I am not permitted by the landlord to paint or eliminate the dark panelling in the living room, below th
Interior Design	Bedroom help. Hi Jenny!  I need major help. I have decorated my entire help, but have run out of ideas now that I have hit my b
Interior Design	curtains. i am a decorating student. Can you advise me a good website, or just good advice on fabrics for curtains. While i hav
Interior Design	room makeover for my tween. i am absolutely thrilled to be giving mt daughter a room makeover. however - the colors she desires
Interior Design	decorating entrance with tall walls. Our home has a split level entrance, and we have an open floor plan and are doing a kitche
Interior Design	family room furnishings. i feel so stupid. i pride myself in having 'decorator sense'...and i have always enjoyed decorating/fu
Interior Design	double living room. Wall was taken down between two rooms - each now 13feetx13feet. separated by a large opening where the wall
Interior Design	wall color for olive sofa. i have a sofa and loveseat in the color olive. Â i have lots of accent furniture in the color black. 
Interior Design	Curtains, drapes and rods. Should I match the decorative curtain rods with the metal accents on my furnture or do I match the r
Interior Design	bare wall. I have a bare wall that I would like to arrange 2 very large mirrors and Â 2 sconces not sure if it would look right.
Interior Design	Complementing color to Glidden's Toasty Grey. Hi Jenny! I have been reading a lot of your decorating ideas, and I see you often
Interior Design	beigh. hey my walls are beigh, one wall is egg shell blue ( UUUUgggglllyyy)lol. Â The carpets are beigh too.
Interior Design	Wallpaper help. I have a black and white checkered floor in my kitchen (12 x 12 tiles), along with white cabinets and stainless
Interior Design	rewiring chandelier. I purchased the IKEA Kristallier 3 light chandelier, thinking I could rewire it. (I have rewired table lam
Interior Design	Coffee table. First, I want to apologize for the rather lengthy description. Since I don't know what information you need, I'm 
Interior Design	Color cordination black or white. I goig to buy all the furniture of my new house(sofa, dinner table etc...)including a Baby Gr
Interior Design	Decorating a Foyer. I really need help decorating my entry. Â I live in a split level home and when I sit on the sofa in the liv
Interior Design	Design. I have cherrywood bedroom furniture with silver accents (knobs). Â Bedroom color scheme is peanut butter wall color, whi
Interior Design	color in an open floor plan. I will try to make this as quick as possible.  I have an open floor plan between the dining room a
Interior Design	concerns about low railing with children in a bi-level home. We recently purchashed a bilevel home. Â We would really like to ha
Interior Design	girl's room-yellow wall-furniture color. I am trying to finish up my little girl's room. Â I have painted the wall a yellow colo
Interior Design	Antique Paint effects. Hi Jenny,  I have an old cast iron garden bench that I have stripped. I want to create an antique brass 
Interior Design	Chandelier for bedroom - size? type?. Hello - thanks in advance for considering my question!  I am thinking of taking down a ce
Interior Design	Navy Leather Sofas. We have two new navy leather sofas, and a medium (pale) blue carpet, which gets very dirty, we need a new c
Interior Design	stencils. I have tried to paint my bedroom wall the previous occupant had put stencils on the wall these stencils keep appearin
Interior Design	Floor tile sizes. We are at a point at our new build where we must select a ceramic floor tile. Â This will run from the entry t
Interior Design	Offset windows in bedroom, decorating questions. We currently bought an older home and are in the process of redecorating the b
Interior Design	Coordinate wall paint with duvet fabric. Hi Rachel:  We want to paint our bedroom to coordinate with the duvet cover and curtai
Interior Design	mini pendants. I purchased three 4d x 2 1/2h mini pendants for a 90x54 kitchen island. Is there a rule of thumb for spacing
Interior Design	Decorating help. My fiance and I are looking at building a house pretty soon and we have no idea where we need to start with co
Interior Design	Ceiling Fan with Light Fixture in Dining Area. Our celing Fan/Light Fisture is placed in the center of the room, but the table 
Interior Design	Living/Familyroom. Our living room area is 224. Split-level raised ranch problem, no full walls. Very difficult room. However,
Interior Design	BEDROOM COLORS. I'm redecorating my bedroom - paint, carpet, walls & window treatment - I've ordered new furniture - a pale gre
Interior Design	Paint for fireplace. I have a slate fireplace which is currently painted black. Â It's in a narrow room and, although it looks g
Interior Design	Converting one Chandelier to Pendants. I have a single light fixture in my dining rm that I now want to group three single pend
Interior Design	Furniture Arrangement in multi-use family room. Hi Alicia,  My husband and I recently purchased our first home for our newly-ad
Interior Design	Interior Paint. We are painting our entry, living room, office and hall. Â We have 1478 sq. ft., 3bd. house. Exterior is beige, 
Interior Design	Tall areas painting. We bought a just built new house and have not moved into it yet. Â We want to paint the house with a better
Interior Design	Flooring Dilemma. Hi - we are adding on to an existing small house that we purchased 6 months ago. Â The current space has almos
Interior Design	indoor greenery. Dear Linn, I love gardening, outside that is. I have an old bakers rack that begs for lots of plants but I inv
Interior Design	Contemporary home/Antique home. Hi, Me and my fiance are buying a home which has a comtemporary layout...celing fans w/skylight
Interior Design	Wall color for family/pool table room. I have a fairly large game room with dark pine wood ceilings  and beams, tan carpet an
Interior Design	Painting Cathedral Ceilings. I love earth tone colours, however, my favourite is the deep red colour. Â In my master bedroom (12
Interior Design	paint colors and furniture. I am a member of a small church that meets in an office complex; not a traditional church building.
Interior Design	furniture placement in long and narrow room. Jenny,  My livingroom is 10x21 with a pocket door to the kitchen, a door opening i
Interior Design	Baseboards. I would like to change the baseboards of my house. Â My electrical outlets are low to the ground, so I think I have 
Interior Design	Furniture placement of sectional and ottoman. Hi, I am at a loss. Â I ordered a sectional and large ottoman by Mitchell Gold tha
Interior Design	Painting Walls ... choosing colors ... curtains. Hi,  I have a sea green colored carpet, which I'm going to keep. However I am 
Interior Design	mixing fabrics. I have chosen a chenille fabric for my sofa and two club chairs for our family room.It is a beautiful shade of 
Interior Design	storage bench project. Hello Jenny. thank you in advance for your valuable time. we have a little area in front of the banister
Interior Design	house paint and the garage door. Hi Cindy,  We are in the process of staining our cedar house. Â It is a german style house/2 st
Interior Design	Tub Color/Painting Bathroom. Hi, I live in a 1976 double-wide Casco home with a harvest gold tub and toilet-very 50ish, bad c
Interior Design	Bold Walls & Celing color. We live in a small (800 SQ Ft) French Quarter apt. It consists of  two rooms of equal size with an a
Interior Design	Wall color with stained woodwork. We live in a 125 year old home with original stained woodwork. Â It  is fairly dark and there 
Interior Design	Too much wood?. I have a lot of wood furniture, bookcases, entertainment center, breakfast nook and table, all in a relatively 
Interior Design	color clueless. Hi, I'm just moving into a townhome and I would love to paint the walls. I don't have any furniture yet, but I 
Interior Design	Kitchen floor. Hi, we have just had a new kitchen fitted. It is birch in colour and the doors are plain slab fronts but have a 
Interior Design	Refinish/painting kitchen Table. I would like to give my old worn out wood table and chairs a new look. Â It is a stained (maple
Interior Design	Dark Narrow uninviting livingroom dungeon. HI!  I hope you can help me come up with some new ideas. I have a narrow dark living
Interior Design	wooden floors and furniture, and colours. Me and my soon-to-be husband have bought our very first flat and so I of course want 
Interior Design	I have dark wood work and want light paint. My living room is very dark, I have done everything I can think of to lighten it...
Interior Design	MATCHING FURNITURE AND DRAPES. MY CARPET AND WALLS ARE BEIGE MY FURNITURE IS BLUE DENIM WHAT COLOR SHOULD MY DRAPES BE AND MY T
Interior Design	Furniture for dark floor. Hello  I just bought a new appartement and plan to buy furniture for the living room. The room is qui
Interior Design	Painting walls. I havent the faintest idea of how to properly pick out paint color for hour home. Â We have a somewhat small s
Interior Design	Decorating and furniture in the bedroom. I have oak bedroom bedroom furniture. Â Bed, dresser and night stands. Â I need an amori
Interior Design	paint choice. Our home is 150 yrs, victorian brick. Â Colors are ivory wainscoat throughout w/accents merlot, sage and gold. Â Th
Interior Design	to mold or not to mold --mixing styles?. The apt in question is a medium-size (by NY standards --ie:  1050 ft) 2 bedroom. Â I to
Interior Design	painting a metal dinning room set. I'd like to paint the table frame and chairs in a non-shiney black finish. Â I'd then like to
Interior Design	Decorating girl's room. Rachel,  Can you help with any ideas/suggestions for a baby girl's room? Â Doing a chair rail with two d
Interior Design	Window treatments. Hello, we have a family area that used to be the back porch. We closed it in. The room size is 14x24. The fr
Interior Design	dining room. Rachel, I would like to decorate my very small dining room in a tuscany style. Â It is roughly about 10x8 with one 
Interior Design	wicker chest. i have a wicker chest that was a left to me. Â i was using it as a coffee table. Â i got a cat and she has clawed i
Interior Design	black leather sofa. Hi Ben,  Â Â I'm planning to purchase a black leather sofa and love seat for my living room. And I'm also loo
Interior Design	Coloring for my kitchen. I'm in the middle of decorating my kitchen. The floor tile and countertop are cream(neutrals)I have to
Interior Design	placement of furniture. hi i have a black leather five seater sofa in my lounge along with a black tv trolley and a teak wood t
Interior Design	wall color for brown furniture. Thank you Jenny! Â Do you have any favorite paint makers and shade names of icy blue? Â What a fa
Interior Design	paint colours. I would like to paint my livingroom a taupe colour and the trim and fireplace (wood) white. Â I have white planta
Interior Design	sheets. I wasn't sure which category would cover this question, but you seemed so knowledgeable I hope you can help. Â I am purc
Interior Design	Exterior paint color. Hello  I was wondering if you could help me with choosing an exterior color for our new home being built.
Interior Design	Get colour into the room. Hi!! I am a student who's currently moved into a rented studio apartment about 16'X 12' in size, pain
Interior Design	Bedding and bath. Hi Jenny,  I have had a difficult time trying to find comforters and shower curtains that I really like. Â Do 
Interior Design	Wod Flooring and  Paint Suggestions. I currently bought a Ranch style home that is open concept situated in Maine with mountain
Interior Design	master bedroom paint color. Hi Jenny,  I need help choosing a color for my master bedroom. Â My master bedroom joins the bathroo
Interior Design	Mixing medium golden oak woodwork with painted white woodwork within a home.. Dear Alicia,  Â Â Â Thankyo in advance. I have a two
Interior Design	Red Walls with black furniture?. Hello Jaydah, I'm only 16 and I'm not sure if I have much color sense, but we're moving into a
Interior Design	Color Scheme for open plan townhome. I would like to get some suggestions on a color scheme for my townhome. Â It's a 2 story, b
Interior Design	Color for carpet. The sofa is gold, pair of chairs print with gold, rust red, aqua, brown. Â Dark wood floors, walls are faux fi
Interior Design	Tuscany. Hi Jayah,  I'm looking to have my small kitchen painted in the Tuscany colors. But I don't know what colors to use and
Interior Design	KITCHEN LIGHTING. My sink is in the corner.. above on the right are cabinets and above on the left is a window. There are reces
Interior Design	Washroom. Hi, Im Jack, and i have 2 full washrooms in my apartment. well as it is an apartment, the washrooms arent too big, ac
Interior Design	Knotty pine room. I have a 12X12 bedroom in our basement that I am sprucing up to move my 6 year old son in to. Â It has 60 year
Interior Design	lighting. Hi. Â I was just curious as to whether I should make all the lights on the exterior of the house the same? Â I have one
Interior Design	color for guest bedroom. Hello, I have a 13 by 14 ft. bedroom. the bed is in front of a 8ft wide and 5ft. long(shaded lite) the
Interior Design	need tips on decorating with deep purple and grey. Hi,   I live in an apartment and the walls are an off-white. I have a deep p
Interior Design	painting accent wall. I am redecorating my daughter's bedroom with a funky look, lot's of pink and purple but definitely on the
Interior Design	accent wall. Does the headboard have to be on the accent wall in the bedroom? Â  Thank you, Judee
Interior Design	painting furniture. Hi Jaydah...I am trying to spice up our second/guest bedroom. Â The walls are a dark yellow (i think it's ca
Interior Design	Living room furniture arrangement. I have a rectangular living room. Â Picture a shoe box with the small ends on top and bottom.
Interior Design	bedroom color scheme and ideas. hi- Â i am moving into a new appartment with my boyfriend and i am decorating our bedroom! Â I am
Interior Design	Panel walls in the living. I have a 1983 custom built home and the living area is very large, all walls are paneled with wood b
Interior Design	Wall/carpet colors. I am having a VERY hard time trying to find a wall color that will look ok with our carpet in the bedroom. 
Interior Design	Neutral wall colors.. Hi. I'm renting a house and the owner said that I can paint the walls of the house as long as I keep to n
Interior Design	Help with color schemes. Hi! Â My husband and I are moving into a one bedroom apartment. Â The kitchen has an open space that lea
Interior Design	Curtain style & colour help. Hi I am onto the 'choosing curtains' stage in decorating our living room and need help. Â The room 
Interior Design	Furniture Arranging. I am a Family and Consumer Science teacher and am experimenting with these on line expert services Â as par
Interior Design	Too Plain. i am 14 years old and i just switched into a bigger bedroom. my old bedroom i liked alot, becuase it had a beautiful
Interior Design	Shape of light over table. I want to replace the pendant light over the table in my kitchen. Â Almost every feature of my kitche
Interior Design	dining room chandelier. Dear Rachel;  We recently purchased a new dining room set and are now trying to choose a chandelier tha
Interior Design	changing some stained molding. All the molding in our house is stained dark walnut as well as our inside front door and baniste
Interior Design	Workshop Lighting. Tony- I read your reply on another workshop lighting plan. I am building a 30x25x12' workshop. For general l
Interior Design	White couches. My boyfriend and I are moving into an apartment on a budget. My grandparents were giving away there couches for 
Interior Design	Removing wallpaper. Hi Jenny, I would like to remove the hideous wallpaper from a small 6'x5', no window, guest restroom. Â I ha
Interior Design	problem light switch location. I have a very large blank wall in my kitchen with a 6-switch light switch in a problem location.
Interior Design	Choosing paint colors. We need to repaint our walk-out-basement family room, entryway, and hall. Â The family room has no window
Interior Design	Color selection. I have a half bath I would like to redo. Â Tile is robin egg blue in shower and floor only. Â Walls are white wi
Interior Design	paint colour. Front room facing south has large windows and has double height space. It is 25feet by 25feet. Floor is light oak
Interior Design	basement paint color. Rachel - What an awesome service! Â You're so right, decorating is definitely not as easy as it looks! Â My
Interior Design	countertops. I have an old kithen countertop which is orange. Â This is a square top. Â I was wanting to know if there is an inex
Interior Design	Making a room more feminine. Our living room is more of a rectangular space than square. We have a beautiful oak hutch with gla
Interior Design	paint/window treatment bedroom. Hi, I have a 25 ft.by 17 ft. bedroom, and large antique white bedrm. furniture. The king bed is
Interior Design	matching furniture to the carpeting. I bought a house that has lavender carpeting in the living room. I am looking to buy a cou
Interior Design	room arrangement and color. I live in you typical 70 s raised Ranch. Â Its only 2200 sq ft but I love my little home. Â It came w
Interior Design	I want color in my tiny bedroom. Hi Cindy, I have a tiny 12x14 master bedroom that is in great need of a facelift. I plan on to
Interior Design	wallpaper. I was wondering if you knew of any places that sell unique wallpaper. I'm looking for something hip, edgy, or at lea
Interior Design	Painting to match trim board. Hi Jenny, I have a weird question. Â Our home has mostly painted (white) floorboard trim. Â However
Interior Design	Painting carpet. Yes, I saw on an episode of Trading Spaces where they actually painted some indoor/outdoor carpet to keep fr
Interior Design	office scheme. Hi Jaydah,  I am a counselor who is rehabilitating an old office in exchange for low monthly rent. Â It has very 
Interior Design	Fake windows. I once saw a show where the windows installed in the basement were really fake with artificial lighting behind 
Interior Design	Kitchen Lighting. We are currently remodeling our kitchen (31'x 12'). Â Our recessed lighting fixtures and door hardware are bru
Interior Design	Color Matching. Hello Jean, I live in an apartment which has typical wood floors and white walls. Â I am trying to do some match
Interior Design	Your experiences in Interior Designing. Hi! My name is Camila Kwan and I am a student who is looking for information on interio
Interior Design	paint color selection. We've lived in our home a couple of years. Â When we purchased it the family before had painted the rooms
Interior Design	exterior door colors. Jenny,  Â Â Â Â In our quest to find a different exterior house color scheme that didn't look like any of our
Interior Design	Basement decorating with concrete walls. Hi Ben, My basement is used as a family/tv room. So, as you can imagine, there's a big
Interior Design	Chocolate Brown furniture. Hi Jenny,  We have chocolate brown leather furniture and cannot decide a wall color and/or accessory
Interior Design	Great Room Co-ordination Help. Newly constructed home. Along the back of house is the kitchen, eating area (with sliding glass 
Interior Design	Dark gloomy kitchen. We're about to move into a house that has been added on to by past owners. Â A large, closed-in storage are
Interior Design	pls help with my color coordination of my living room. hi there! i need some help with my accessories in our living room. i pai
Interior Design	Large TV in family room. I have a family room that I must place the TV on the wall next to a fireplace and possibly corner it
Interior Design	Frontroom. I have a plain frontroom I have the rest of the house all mapped out with what I am going to do but I am stuck on th
Interior Design	Basement Project. Jenny -- I am in the process of finishing my basement. Â The basement has a large room 30'x 15', with separate
Interior Design	living room arrangement. hello rachel,  Â Â I would like to ask what would fit best with my living room, I want a relaxing and co
Interior Design	repainting ceiling. how to prepair,repair flaking gib ceiling.
Interior Design	fitness room/office. Hi Jenny! Â I don't really know what my question is, specifically....let me give you my background. Â I am a
Interior Design	small space. I own a 210sq.ft. condo (old motel room) at the beach. It has a small kitchenette,queen-size bed, small dinnette s
Interior Design	Kitchen cabinet color selection. I'm planning to replace my current kitchen cabinets with custom ones. I need some expert advic
Interior Design	Whitewash Furniture. Hello, my bedroom furniture has a whitewash finish (like the light pink wood finish and not pure white)...
Interior Design	country decorating. pls help me with my problem.i have a floral design wallpaper in pastel blue,yellow and green.prints are med
Interior Design	terazzo floor. We purchased a villa-type unit furnished but not my style of furnishings. We're close to the gulf. Â Â We've had t
Interior Design	Maple cabinets, maple trim, -- paint color??. Our house is 2 years old and we still haven't figured out what color to paint our
Interior Design	I'm 28 & live in a tiny studio.... I'm 28 & live in a tiny studio apartment=very limited space! I was  organizing some things, 
Interior Design	bathroom color. Hi Ben, I am remodeling a small house with 1 bathroom and I am up to painting it. I have a spot for my tropical
Interior Design	Bay Window Treatments. I have a bay window in my dining room. Â (It's 3 double hung windows with transoms above them). Â I like t
Interior Design	Long-narrow-hall-probs. My living room is 10 ft x 30 ft and is definetely a long hall. Currently we use only one part as a sitt
Interior Design	blinds. I need room darkening shades for the bedrooms in my new home. Â Should I choose roller shades, roman shades, aluminum bl
Interior Design	Dining Furniture Dimensions. We bought a 60 inch round table, with 6 chairs. Â When seated, the chairs seemed too low. Â What are
Interior Design	Hello Jenny,  Nice to talk.... Hello Jenny,  Nice to talk to you again. Â You helped me a few years ago, and I so appreciate
Interior Design	Interior Design Colours. We are having a home built and our builder is willing to paint the interior of the house using our cho
Interior Design	uneven ceiling/border at ceiling/making room look larger. I am contemplating redecorating my daughter's bedroom. Â We have cathe
Interior Design	My kitchen Design. Hi, I have just bought a new Condo, my kitchen comes with medium Honey finish Oak cabinets and white tile co
Interior Design	changing exterior fixtures and color. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hi I am in the process of changing my
Interior Design	Toning down terracotta tile. HI- purchase 30 year old house.Lots of terracotta tile in good condition. HOwever, the house has a
Interior Design	Need help with paint for bathroom walls. We currently remodeled our bathroom and right now we are at a stand still due to the p
Interior Design	furniture placement for a family room. Hello, I am in the process of moving into my first home. The family room is 10ft wide by
Interior Design	colour coordinating. My house is not open concept, but it does have a large entry from the kitchen to the living room. Â I recen
Interior Design	L-shaped dining/living room. Thanks so much for your informative, quick reply. Â One more question thought, what about the drape
Interior Design	Career Questions. I am researching the career of Interior Designing and I would appreciate it if you could answer some question
Interior Design	licensing for an interior decorator. I have been working interior decorating jobs on the side for a few months now, mostly as f
Interior Design	bathroom. Hi Jenny, I am remodeling Â a small house and I have a couple of questions about the bathroom. First what do you recco
Interior Design	Carpet wall color coordination.. We are building a new house with the great room, kitchen, dining room and home office all open
Interior Design	interior decoration. hi i am getting married and we are moving in a small one bedroom apartment, i want to decorate it in zen s
Interior Design	Colors for Family Room. We have just had a new family room (14.5 x 20 feet) addition built. Â The woodwork is stained a color si
Interior Design	Treatments for Bay Windows. I have a bay window that I would like to add a treatment to. Originally, I was going to purchase in
Interior Design	Green Design Club. Hello Linn Arvidson,  My name is Rachel Mallon and I am one of the other decorating experts. I am attending 
Interior Design	decorating a classroom. Hi, hope you can help me. Â I am moving from a classroom where I've been for three years to a classroom 
Interior Design	Kitchen paint. I currently have a very white boring kitchen that is 19x9 with cabinets along two walls. I am having a banquette
Interior Design	Freelance Opportunity. Hi Jenny,   I am Director of Editorial & Content for the Internet Advertising Group. We are preparing to
Interior Design	I need your help!. Hi Benjamin! I hope you can help my husband and I. We have a living/dining room combo in the very front of o
Interior Design	room colors (furniture, walls) and floor (wood or carpet?). I am a college student who needs to keep life simple! I am removing
Interior Design	pendant above sink. I have a six foot window in my kitchen that has a large sink below it. Â I would like to hang a pendant abov
Interior Design	bathroom tile color. Mr. Cottrell, I am redecorating a small 5'x7' bathroom in a house that will eventually be put up for sale.
Interior Design	decorating a living room. Hi  My living room is not that large (11.9 X 11.0). Â   On wall 1, there is a large bay window, which 
Interior Design	Small Window!. My bedroom is in the basement and I have a very small window that is mind-boggling to decorate...I'd say its abo
Interior Design	carpet color. -Thank you Jenny. Â I want a homey comfortable feel to the living room. We dont have a family room so this is the 
Interior Design	spacing. My question concerns light spacing. I want to put mini pendant lights over my kitchen bar (not on a monorail). Â The ba
Interior Design	Chair Rail Versus Wainscotting. Thanks so much for getting back to me, Jenny. Â I appreciate your expertise. Â One additional que
Interior Design	French doors as accent wall. Hello, love this board, just what I needed. Â Need some advice on a living room 14 x 14 with white 
Interior Design	new furniture painting. I purchased a new Bermex dining table and 6 dining chairs. I chose the color English Legacy from the 
Interior Design	living room/dining room. Hi Cindy,  Â I am currently unhappy with the furniture in my living/dining room. Â The front door opens 
Interior Design	Colors that go together. Hi, I really struggle because I like color but can't put different colors together..I would appreciate
Interior Design	color and length for drapes. I have a dark brown leather couch and love seat and a yellowish color wall what color drapes and a
Interior Design	color scheme. i am having a lot of trouble not only choosing the color of my room, but the shade as well....i am moving home af
Interior Design	Paint colors for wainscoating and high ceilings. I have a bathroom with high walls and wainscoating. Â Crown moulding with a she
Interior Design	Color. My family room is adjacent to the eat-in kitchen, which has goldish-beigy wallpaper. Â Glass table is in the kitchen with
Interior Design	Open Floor Plan. Hi Benjamin, I have a new home and I'm getting ready to paint the walls for the first time. I have an open flo
Interior Design	Molding. Benjamin,   I am interested in what you call molding that is about 12 inches from the top of the ceiling. I do not wan
Interior Design	placing framed art on tall walls. Cindy, Thanks for responding. My walls are 16' high at the center point where my living room 
Interior Design	im mad on brown. please please advice me.. i love the look and the feel of browns.. i have 3 small children and want an idea on
Interior Design	Blacking out Windows. I have twin two-year olds (boy and girl) and want to keep their bedroom dark (they have a separate play r
Interior Design	Matching living wall color to new furniture. Hi Jenny.  We just purchased a beautiful sofa, loveseat and chair made of Italian 
Interior Design	accent colors. Hi Benjamin, I have recently purchased my firstplace. It is a condo, witha loft style set up. Â This means that m
Interior Design	drapes. I recently made drapes for my family room using a cotton linen type fabric. The drapes are lined. My dilemma is getting
Interior Design	Painting over different furniture finishes. I have three pieces of furniture that I want to paint. Â One has already been painte
Interior Design	Painting color. Basically all the furniture in my kids room is black ( he got a black entertainmen center, desk, and futon ). I
Interior Design	Light fixture. Hi,  I have a little problem. We just bought a dinnette table set and where we want it located is about 1.5 to 2
Interior Design	Basement Ideas. Hi Benjamin, we have a two-story 1946 colonial with a basement. Â We've kept the upper two floors very tradition
Interior Design	colors in my livingroom. I have a small (14' x 14') livingroom with a south exposure window so I have a fair amount of light.
Interior Design	painting interior of front door. When I paint the interior of my front door, do I match the color of the walls (slightly darker
Interior Design	wall colors!. Hi, Ive always gone pretty neutral and I don't want to get TOO bold, but here it is! I have a living room/dining
Interior Design	Finished basement colors. Hi, We are in the process of finishing our basement and need help with color selection. Â The space is
Interior Design	Wood color for wrought iron base table. I repainted a metal table base in matte black and am very happy with the results - it
Interior Design	Help!  LOTS of Focal Points. Our great room is 32x40 and includes a kitchen (partly walled off to create an entry area when you
Interior Design	leather color. Hi! Â   I have a bright red living room, that I'm wondering which color leather will look best in. Dark brown htt
Interior Design	Bathroom sconce placement and size. I am redoing a 7 ft x 8 ft bathroom in a house with 8 ft ceilings. Â The vanity will be sing
Interior Design	Choosing Colours for a large Hallway. I am currently at home with my parents, looking for the next career move and have been as
Interior Design	painting a pocket door or not. I have a wall that is aprox. 11 ft. long in my living room. Â Â There is a pocket door aprox. 3 ft
Interior Design	Color flow from one room to the next. Hi Jenny. I have had a difficult time picking out paint for my family room and kitchen. Â 
Interior Design	wood staining. helo angie could you please tell me if i could wood stain in a dark colour over a slightly sheened finished teak
Interior Design	maroon carpet. Hi, I have maroon carpets and i was just wanting to know what color furniture would look good with that color ca
Interior Design	My daughter's room. My house is small so i don't have so many rooms in the house. My daughter sleeps in my dressing room. This 
Interior Design	Choosing complimentary paint for my living room. I am struggling to choose a palette of complimentary colors for my living room
Interior Design	How to determine number of lamps required and the alternative LED tube arrangement.. Dear Mr Tony.  I have an urgent need for d
Interior Design	Wall color for Sage Green Furniture. Hello, I have recently purchased a new sofa and chair for my living room, and I am a bit s
Interior Design	Living room / dining room decor. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hi Jenny: I am trying to pull together the
Interior Design	Painting Accent Wall. I have a small (approx. 12' x 10') home office room that gets little light and I want to paint one wall w
Interior Design	need some tips plz!. Hi,I'm getting married next month and were moving into a new flat in Egypt and buying all the furniture fr
Interior Design	Colour Scheme. I want to decorate my bedroom, but have no idea what would look good, I have pine furniture and I would like to 
Interior Design	Living Room. -------------------------  What paint color for the walls and carpet would look good with chocolate brown sofa & l
Interior Design	Choosing color of blinds. Hello Jean:  My house has a white window trim (off-white interior color), and I recently purchased da
Interior Design	At the risk of being a complete.... At the risk of being a complete pest on this project, I have a couple more questions. Â With
Interior Design	Colors for a room. I have a room with a brown leather sofa and loveseat. Â I plan to decorate with red (curtains) and rust (pill
Interior Design	Mauve Carpet. ------------------------- Yay! I'm so glad to hear that I can use yellow with mauve! Â Thank you so much. Â I will 
Interior Design	The tuscany look. I want to repaint my kitchen in the tuscany colors. Â I know that they are the reds, terra cottas, browns, yel
Interior Design	bed comforters. I need a dark brown bedspread with a aqua/teal/turquoise design. I can't find it anywhere! where do I look?
Interior Design	kitdhen. I just bought a home and would like to update the kitchen and baths the cheapest way possible. All three have square t
Interior Design	Hello,   My name is Anita,.... Hello,   My name is Anita, and I need your help. Â I have an open floor plan living room, kitchen
Interior Design	Decorating a new house. Hi! Â I don't know where to begin. We are building a new house and we will be finished in about 2 months
Interior Design	wall colors! (addendum). Hi again, Benjamin! I should have mentioned that the wall hanging is quite bold with color---not brigh
Interior Design	flooring choice. Hi Alicia. Â Thank you for offering help through All Experts. Â I am approaching the redesign of my new home. Â I
Interior Design	13x 20 room. I have an opened 13x20 room and would like to make is into a dining room and small living room.  do you have any s
Interior Design	new room!. Hi! I'm a 21 year old graduate student moving into an apartment  with white walls that I can't paint. I've always ha
Interior Design	Dorm Room De'cor. I'll be moving into a guy's dorm this fall at college. Â To put it bluntly, I'm not your average guy and I act
Interior Design	New Bedroom. Hi!  I am a female junior in college, and my friends and I have just gotten a new house. Â We will be living here f
Interior Design	blue rug, ? walls. Hi, We have a blue rug in our bedroom, I am trying to decide what color to paint the walls. Â the curtains ar
Interior Design	box bedroom. how best to decorate a box bedroom /guest bedroom which is really small Â 
Interior Design	decorating/design. What is the difference between interior decorating and interior design. I know with the design you have to k
Interior Design	Mixing appliance colors?. About a year and a half ago, my husband and I purchased a new  dishwasher and refrigerator - both whi
Interior Design	Large Bay Window. I have a large window (11' wide by 5' high)in the middle of our living room, which is 12.5' deep and 19' long
Interior Design	Blue Couch. I have absolutaly no sense of design and I am having a horrible time decorating my living room. My husband picked o
Interior Design	Ceiling color. In our new home I am painting the great room Benjamin Moore Carlisle Cream. Â It is a cathedral ceiling peaking a
Interior Design	Baseboard colors. Hi Alicia, I have just decided to install new carpeting. The old carpeting was an oatmeal color berber, so th
Interior Design	Decor with Stainless Steel. I recently purchased a condo and it has all new stainless steel appliances. Â My dining/kitchen area
Interior Design	Bedroom with large picture windows. My master bedroom is 17' by 13'. Â One 17' wall has a nine foot picture window an the other 
Interior Design	Help for a hideous bathroom!. The question is only about color. I don't want the olive green to be a focal point. What colors c
Interior Design	sunporch stripes?!. Hello, I am badly in need of help.Just bought my first house-woop,woop.I have painted all other rooms but t
Interior Design	Black Furniture. I have nice leather black furniture and wanted to dress up the living room a bit. Â I will have a pretty nice c
Interior Design	Cabinet Color??. Hi,  We are building a home and have selected brazilian cherry flooring for the entire 1st floor, including th
Interior Design	Rubberwood. I bought a daybed from Cost Plus that is made of Rubberwood. Â I  would like to use it outside. Is there a treatment
Interior Design	painting & staining interior doors. I am installing a new pre-framed bedroom door in my condo. The woodwork in the bedroom is s
Interior Design	Paint colors for brick fireplace family room. We've just purchased a house in which the paint colors in the  family room I feel
Interior Design	flat design. I want to make my 1 bed flat look and feel light and airy yet sophistocated. At the mo its magnolia through out. T
Interior Design	Matching Wood in Kitchen. I have light pine kitchen cabinets that are just plain with no detail on them whatsoever. And also a 
Interior Design	wallpapered wall. I have a simple design wallpaper above the chair mldg in my kitchen. Â Is it okay to hang a picture on a wall 
Interior Design	Painting my desk. Hi, I have a beautiful antique desk that I have been painting. Â  Please let me clarify that it had a beautifu
Interior Design	Paint Color for Living/Family Room. Hi there. Â I would like some advice on what I could possibly paint my walls in my living/fa
Interior Design	Different Shades of White. We recently purchased a contemporary townhome with vaulted ceilings. Â We want to have the place pain
Interior Design	Finishes. I have a bronze metal and amber light fixture in my dining room. Â Can I use a distressed antiqued silver mirror in th
Interior Design	Choosing a wood floor stain color. I have dark cherry kitchen cabinets. We're installing hardwood floors in the entire downstai
Interior Design	Accent wallS?. We are creating a sport themed room for our oldest son. His comforter on his bed is a collage of sports mostly
Interior Design	dining room chandelier. I'm redoing my dining room and need to install a chandelier over my 42 x 100 table. Â The room is 12' 
Interior Design	Paint Color with Cherry Cabinets. Jenny, I am excited to get your opinion on this. My husband and I are building a new house wi
Interior Design	refinishing pine slat walls and cabinetry. I recently inherited my childhood home. Â The entire den, one wall of the living room
Interior Design	Equestrian Theme. Hi  We want to redo our 12 year old daughter's bedroom in an equestrian theme--English riding and show jumpin
Interior Design	replacement bulbs for a pre lit christmas tree. I Have a Roman pre lit tree. The bulbs are 2.5 volt and have a flattened base w
Interior Design	Marble in kitchen. I'm in the process of selecting a countertop surface. My first choice is white marble. Â I have heard all the
Interior Design	Workshop lighting. QUESTION: I have a basement workshop that measures 13'x31' with 8'6 ceiling. Â I also have one window locate
Interior Design	Guest Bedroom. Theme:Pictures of Â Ships/Knots and LightHouses. QuiltTommy Hilfinger,plaid-Red/Blue/White. Carpet light beige
Interior Design	huge fireplace. i have a large living room that has a huge red brick fireplace that takes up an entire wall and come oout three
Interior Design	Pendant Lights over Kitchen Island. I am currently having my kitchen remodeled. Â We are putting in a 6 ft long peninsula island
Interior Design	kitchen wall color. my husband and i are purchasing an exsisting home. the kichen countertops are green in color. applanices ar
Interior Design	buffet lamps. I have a 40 in. high buffet tables. Â I have been looking for lamps and found two that are 39 in. high. Â I have a 
Interior Design	chandelier size. QUESTION: Hello, would a 5 light chandelier 22 dia x 24 high be the right size over an oval table, 65long x
Interior Design	Old world plaster look. HI, I am trying to get the Old world plaster look somewhat like the Venetian plaster look but using joi
Interior Design	60's style bedroom suite. I have inherited a modern bedroom suite that has a low profile shelf headboard, and a dressing table 
Interior Design	interior paint color. I have a home that was built circa 1963. Â The interior has wood floors and trim that has turned a darker 
Interior Design	which direction to lay wooden floor. Hi, I have an open plan, downstairs space that we are about to put a wooden floor on to. Â 
Interior Design	Underwriters Laboratories numbers. Hi. Is there a way to find out what the number on the Underwriters Laboratories refers to? I
Interior Design	Inexperienced decorator. An acquaintance, with known artistic ability, told me he was interested in exploring development of an
Interior Design	color information. I have two questions: we would like to install a backsplash in the Kitchen. Â Our cabinets are white, the cou
Interior Design	Cork for Kitchen Floors. What's your experience with using Cork Tiles for Kitchen Floors. I loved the rustic look for our log c
Interior Design	window coverings. Hi,my bedroom windows are round at the top then square at the bottom what kind of window coverings do you sug
Interior Design	SCALE OF HANGING LIGHT FIXTURE. Could you please tell me what is the scale size of a hanging light fixture over a 42 glass top
Interior Design	Lighting Fixture Selection. I am doing a total remodel of the kitchen. Â My new cabinets are wheaten stained maple. Â The counter
Interior Design	under cabinet lighting. QUESTION: hi Tony - We are preparing to install new cabinets in our kitchen. We would like to have unde
Interior Design	Master Bedroom Colour. Hi there,  We are currently in the process of priming our interior walls. Â Our master bedroom has cathed
Interior Design	painting with vaulted ceilings and adjoining rooms. I just bought a condo and want to get rid of the white. My  question is how
Interior Design	Living area. I'm buying my first home and have decided to do a design I saw on My First Place, on HGTV website under Dragonfl
Interior Design	Bathroom tile color problem. Hi Jenny! We have a bath that is rectangular 15 x 12. Â On the LEFT are tiled double sink vanity w/
Interior Design	Short Walls. I have just moved and the living room in the house I am renting has very short walls. Â They are approximatly 7'tal
Interior Design	furniture drapes and wall color?. I just bought a new house and i am redecorationg the whole house to a contemporary look, i ha
Interior Design	Non-traditional window treatments for sliding glass doors. Hi! Â I have a sliding glass door in my kitchen that leads out to the
Interior Design	What color for carpet?. Our living room has med olive paint on lower wall white wainscoat molding, light green upper walls. 2 l
Interior Design	Chair. Maybe you can help me. Â There is a furniture website called Horchow.com. Â On this week's site, they are showing a beauti
Interior Design	Framing Pictures. I would like to put up a wall of picture frames of my family. I have black and white photos and color ones to
Interior Design	Accent Walls. I have a pretty open floorplan downstairs. From the front of the house, you can see clear to the back with arched
Interior Design	Painting the bedroom with color. Hi Jenny,  Â I would like to paint my bedroom with a color but I wonder if it will look odd whe
Interior Design	POTLIGHTS. How do you replace the bulb in potlights in ceiling
Interior Design	Teenager's bedroom. My 15 yr old daughter has 2 walls in her bedroom filled w/photographs of her and her friends. Â I came home 
Interior Design	living room decorating. What color end tables/accent tables would you suggest to go with a spice/terracota colored loveseat/cha
Interior Design	furniture help. Hello I am considering buying some leather furniture to put either in my den (which is currently unfurnished,it
Interior Design	light t fixtures. I need to know how far the ceiling fixtures needs to be off the floor when hanging a chandelier in bedrooms a
Interior Design	colours. Cindy, My living room is quite big 17x26 approx. I was looking for a different look. My daughter wants me to be a bit 
Interior Design	Bathroom vanity lighting. Guest bath Â  QUESTION: We have a 74 double bowl vanity with 30 of space between the bowls. Â We just
Painting	paint blistering on outside walls. Mr.Dutra  I have a 40+ year old colonial home located in New Hampshire that I purchased appr
Painting	picking the right paint color. I have a modern family room with a grey sectional couch and green accents, and brown wood- (dark
Painting	Paint. Repaired drywall muddled and sanded smooth. Â Sprayed on primer (zinder water based) and spots Appeared to be peeling in 
Painting	Painting. Hello, im in the process of choosing colours for my new house, for the interior i chose a whitepale grey. I have two 
Painting	ceramic tile painting. Hi, I am a renter and I want to paint over a couple ceramic tiles that are part of a kitchen backsplash.
Painting	color choice conundrum!. Hello - we are renovating our living room and in need of color advice. Â It's a smaller room, with low 
Painting	wallpaper over oil paint. How can I wallpaper over a wall that has been painted with oil paint?
Painting	Painting a pressure-treated deck. An outdoor deck measuring 7ï¿½ X 28ï¿½ made of pressure-treated wood doesnï¿½t get much wear, but i
Painting	Painting radiators. We have recently moved into an old home that has beautifully decorated radiators. Â They are a dull goldish 
Painting	paint for a vintage spanish house. I have a 1928 Spanish house with original dark wood mouldings and stenciled beams in the cei
Painting	painting over cabinets. I have a lot of kitchen cabinets made of plywood and covered with shelliac or some clear varnish I real
Painting	Light fixture to go with brown paint. I am painting my little 1/2 bathroom under the stairs Cowboy Boot brown. The bathroom i
Painting	Broewn Wrapping Paper as Wallpaper, how to seal it for a Bthroom?. We have used normal wallpaper paste and ordinary brown wrapp
Painting	interior wall surface. Our house was built in 1929, so I'm sure somewhere along the line someone put sand in the paint, and I d
Painting	Removing glow in the dark stars. It was 25 years ago and two generations of sons have enjoyed the glow in the dark stickers on 
Painting	Guest Room Wall Painting. Guest Room Plan Â Guets room  Â  Dear Laura ,   Â Â I have a guest room not yet painted and the furniture
Painting	Igniter not glowing Maytag Dryer. Hi  I have an old Maytag Gas dryer model# DG510. The ignitor does not come on. The dryer tumb
Painting	Poor interior paint coverage. Good morning and thanks for sharing your expertise! I am painting an interior room in our house t
Painting	Interia mould spots. We keep getting mould spots in the back bedrooms an the bathroom, we have cavity wall insulation Â and keep
Painting	tan color to go with oak furniture. I am getting some shaker style, red oak, natural finish, dressers and need to paint my bedr
Painting	bedroom wall paint and carpet. QUESTION: My boyfriend and I are at odds; I will be moving into his house (not a problem), but f
Painting	plaster + densshield. What type of plaster do I use with densshield board in a washroom shower wall.
Painting	Irving Stripe Drapes. I got my pottery barn catalogue today and love the red irving stripe drape. Â I googled the material and s
Painting	re-painting int.. i have an older house thats been painted inside alot! every coulpe of years thought the past 10 or so years t
Painting	loft. i have a small house, cathedral ceilings, with an open loft. Â In the loft area there is also the m/bedrm. & a bathroom. Â 
Painting	Match Wall Colour to Tiles/Carpet. Hi I just brought a house and the previous owner really loved Blue. Hence the Tiles througho
Painting	paint vs. stain on interior door. I am doing some home improvements and have a question in regard to painting or staining an in
Painting	dark paint small room. Should a bedroom that is 11x12 with only one window (south facing) be painted  with a dark accent wall? 
Painting	painting and decorating. The emulsion on my lounge wall is bubbling and blistering my concern is that when i re decorate the bu
Painting	painting. I was planning on putting my accent wall the wall were my bed and 2 dressers go against but I really want to paint my
Painting	Dish washer. My dishwasher does not dry my dishes completely.  It did in the past but I have made sure to keep drying aid in th
Painting	Two compound reactive paint. Dear sir, We like to know  What is ment by Two compound reacive paint?  with reagards, P.Raghul ra
Painting	painting. how can i choose the best painting color suitable for every room?
Painting	painting a banister. I have a wood stained banister. Â I'd like to have the spindles painted white and keep the railings the sam
Painting	terra cotta spray paint on plastic planters. Hello Some time ago I purchased some planting urns. These planters are made out of
Painting	Painting mirrors. Hi - I have a sliding 3-door wardrobe - two doors of which are mirrored. Â I would like to paint them. Â Firstl
Painting	very light texture. Ron Wall Texture Â  Hi Tony. I am doing some major repairs to my home and my walls have a very light texture
Painting	Looking for an inexpensive kitchen facelift. Hi. I'd like to move ASAP and would like to fix up my kitchen--the cheaper the bet
Painting	Front Door Colour. Front House Photo Hi Rob, Â I have attached a photo of my house, which is in desperate need of some new colou
Painting	color coordination. just found beautiful honey oak hardwood flooring under the carpet in my apartment. all the trim, i.e. base 
Painting	Painting Brick - changing color. QUESTION: Tony,  What is the best way to change the color of a brick fireplace? I have found a
Painting	Paint color with honey colored wood. Honey Wood and Firepla We are buying a mountain home to use as a second home. Â It has beau
Painting	Repainting exterior popcorn stucc. I wondered if it would be possible to repaint exterior (bungalow) popcorn stucco with an ele
Painting	Quality paint?. Is Pratt and Lambert a quality paint?
Painting	Matching paint with existing tile. We are remodeling (gutting) our bathroom but leaving the bathtub which has excellent tan til
Painting	connecting 2 rooms. We have one wall that connects our dining room and kitchen together. Â We want to paint the dining room and 
Painting	ceiling border. Hi,  I was wondering if you have ever seen; or what your thoughts are on putting a border on the ceiling? I hav
Painting	Painted White Cabinets. I had my kitchen cabinets painted white three years ago. Â I have white appliances and now my cabinets l
Painting	Poorly stained deck?. I have a very poorly stained deck, runs, light spots and missed spots. It was done with a cedar tone oil 
Painting	what color of wall paint ?. QUESTION: We recently re-tiled our kitchen floor to a soft sandy beige with a diamond shape center.
Painting	Priming After Water Paper Removal. Ed: I removed wall paper from my bathroom. The paper peeled off very easily. The wall was ap
Painting	How to get paint off wood floor?. Just had some painting done and afterwards noticed specks of white paint on my beautiful hard
Painting	staining kitchen cabinets. The cabinets we have now are very awkward and I've never been thrilled with them. I'd like to upgrad
Painting	Painter's tape removed varnish from stairs. Hello,  I had put painter's tape and cardboard on my newly stained and finished oak
Painting	Oil paints. Are vegetable oils like linseed oil the main solvents used in paints for application to the house. Or it only turpe
Painting	?paint over faux tile fiberboard wall covering. I have bathroom walls that are constructed of fiberboard designed to resemble t
Painting	Yellow Paint for Kitchen. I have a kitchen approximately 20 x 20 with all white cabinets, white counters, white appliances, whi
Painting	Custom bike sandblast and paint?. My oldest has outgrown his bike.  My youngest is ready for his first.  The bike is in great s
Painting	GE wall oven. bottom element won't heat up-even after replacing it just gets warm. Also changed fuse.
Painting	Color scheme. QUESTION: Hello, Help, please  I live in Florida and after Â years of storms we have begun remolding / repairs  I 
Painting	painting panelling. Hi,  Â Â Â Â Our basement is completely panelled, you know the ugly brown kind from the seventies or eighties. 
Painting	Wall edges dented. dented edge Â  Hello Joseph,  How can I fix dents like the ones in the wall shown in the attached picture?  T
Painting	Ceiling/wall paint. I have popcorn cathedral ceiling, painted it a light brown (previously white ) with almond color walls. I c
Painting	ways to select best interior and exterior paint colors. Sorry to bother you but my wife and are are trying to fix our house up 
Painting	lacquer painting. I painted a ceiling high gloss baby pink, but it still doesn't have the HIGH sheen  that I want.What can I do
Painting	colour scheme. we painted our sunroom a mauve colour what colour should i accent our sunroom in
Painting	Matching Oak cabinet. We want to change up our kitchen and we were thinking about painting our cabinets but with all the trim a
Painting	painting a finished chair. I have a finished rocking chair which a friend wants painted white for a nursery. I'm taking for gra
Painting	paint. I would like to know how many coates of paint do you usually need to apply in order for the paint to look surfice?And al
Painting	Lacquers. i want to know a bit about lacquers.. which company manufacturs these or are these made by all paint companies.. Also
Painting	mural paint. Hi I'm doing a mural on my shed wall, i have heard that acrylic water emulsion is a good paint to use, but do you 
Painting	Resubmittal of earlier question on drywall.. Mr. Kuchar,  Thank you for your response. Â Here is my earlier question - I know y
Painting	Curtains. Help i'm stuck... My bed room walls are a bright but no to over powering red and I have no idea what color curtains t
Painting	wallpaper over drywall with sand texture. I'm wallpapering over drywall that looks like sand mixed in. It's new and painted. Wh
Painting	oil based primer. I am having the wallpaper removed and then the walls smoothed and painted. The painter suggested an oil prime
Painting	Painting interior on rental apartment. Hi, Here is something we can save money on by doing myself. Â Helping out the family.  Th
Painting	painting kitchen cabinets. We have very plain pressed wood cabinets at our cabin. Â They have a very smooth finish with an artif
Painting	Paint colors for Billiard and Dining Room. I need help with choosing colors and making sure they coordinate. My dining room and
Painting	Maytag PYE4500AYW. Maytag PYE4500AYW Performa Dryer does everything fine but does not stop at buzzer or at off position.  I hav
Painting	Painting hallways. I am attempting to have my hallways appear wider and would like painting ideas. Currently one long harrow ha
Painting	what to do with my short wall?. We are currently in the process of remodeling our office into a nursery.  We have vaulted ceili
Painting	Poll: Pull down or leave up?. Okay, so I did my first run of drywalling ceiling this week.  I was using 12' panels with a hoist
Painting	Color in Open Loft Apartment. I am moving to an apartment that is open everywhere. The kitchen and living room have open walls 
Painting	Sealing Railroad Ties in yard. We have rr ties surrounding a children's play yard in our back yard and want to know if there is
Painting	painting wrought iron. I have a new wrought iron door that still has its smooth steel finish at this point. Â How do I paint it 
Painting	painting. well first thank you for taking the time to view my question and hopefully having a answer.i have four children and u
Painting	wallpaper removal and salvage. I have recently discovered that there is a wallpaper mural underneath a layer of wallpaper in my
Painting	easy removal of wallpaper. Please tell how to take my wallpaper from the wall any easy tricks?
Painting	Kitchen Color. We have recently replaced our countertops and installed a tile backsplash in our kitchen. Â The cabinets remain a
Painting	paint& carpet choice. Thank you for your answer. Do you have s specific name of a Benjamin MOore color in terms of the paint in
Painting	painting kitchen cupboards. hi I have a projet in my kitchen were i would like to repaint my cupboards with automotive paint bu
Painting	Painting/Glazing cabinets. Thank you so much for your help. I too love BM paint. I would assume by your answer you know the loo
Painting	paint colors. Hi! Â We are building a house with an Â open floor plan. Â The living room, kitchen, and dining room (plus a small l
Painting	Drywall around gas fireplace vent. I am finishing basement and Im framing for drywall, I came up to the fireplace vent and I wa
Painting	cracking oil paint. We live in an old Victorian with oil paint on the moldings and windows. Lately,  the paint has cracked and 
Painting	how to paint over a painted rocking chair. I have a white rocking chair that I would like to paint a dark brown. Â How do I do t
Painting	What color to paint stairway railing. Hi Rebecca, I'm having trouble deciding the proper color to paint my dated off-white wrou
Painting	open floor plan paint color. I have a home with an open floor plan. You enter into a 2 story foyer to the left is the formal di
Painting	pick out exact bedroom paint color PLEASE. QUESTION: Hey there I need someon to pick out the brand and exact paint color for me
Painting	ceiling paint & crown molding. We have low ceilings (just under 8)and I want to add crown molding. Â Will this make the ceilings
Painting	Grass cloth wallpaper. I am purchasing a house which has grass Â cloth wallpaper on most of the downstairs walls. Â The previous 
Painting	Using two different colors to separate one room. Good morning: Â My kitchen and dining area are one space separated by a 4' wide
Painting	Working with Sage. Hi Rebecca,  I have gutted out a spare bedroom in the attic and have bought 2 klic klac sofa that turns into
Painting	WEATHER BEATEN CEDAR. I would like to know what I need to do to old cedar wood before I stain it.
Painting	Painting Railroad Ties. Is there a product that you can seal creosote treated railroad ties with? I've spent a lot of time goog
Painting	wallpaper primer. are all primers the same.....wallpaper primer vs. other primers ( kiltz, etc. ). I understand the purpose of 
Painting	color wash. I painted the walls in my living room with a satin finish yellow, and it's just too shiny and bright for me. I'd li
Painting	Whirlpool ED22PQ ice maker. Should the unit be installed in the freezer (refrigerator unpluggd from wall) in order to do the di
Painting	Baseboards - Finishing Rennovation Project. Hi! Iï¿½m very happy to say that weï¿½re almost finished with a large kitchen/dining/fa
Painting	appliance timer for water heater questions. In our house we use hot water primarily only for showering which occurs between 6-7
Painting	Artex. Hi Laura, I'm looking for the American equivalent to a very well know U.K wall covering product called Artex which is ap
Painting	painting old cupboards..what color?. we've got white cupboard doors, kitchen walls are pine one two walls & brick on the other 
Painting	Bathroom wall color. I am in the process of redecorating my master bathroom and I'm stumped. Â I lean toward warm tones but my
Painting	Peeling stain. 3 years ago I re-stained my cedar clapboard siding. I used a solid stain by Olympic(not oil based). It is peelin
Painting	The color of white. I plan on painting my kitchen cabinets white. Â I know there are several different whites at Benjamin Moore.
Painting	Exterior colour choices. Our home Hi, we need help with choosing exterior colours for our home. Â Our house was built in the 196
Painting	painting popcorn style ceilings. i went to a friends house a noticed on his white popcorn ceiling was glitter paint i thought t
Painting	Please help me beat the BLAH!. Hi Cyndie I am having an argument with my condo board who wants to change our public hallways fr
Painting	Primer oil or latex. Can we put latex primer over wallpaper adhesive before painting to create a neat textured finish and have 
Painting	Kid's Room Painting Options. HI Cindie: You sent this reply to my question on Sat 1/24: Hi Connie,  If you want to send over th
Painting	Wallpaper. Hello Barbara, I am Archana Dass from India. I wanted to know what is a Gold Leaf Wallpaper. I know very little abou
Painting	Patching Plaster and Drywall. Hello. I just took down some tile in a room in my house. I have a few holes I need to patch up ca
Painting	painting ceilings. I have a problem. Â I had a candle burn too long, leaving black marks on my ceiling. Â I tried cleaning it. Â T
Painting	colors or finishes. I just moved into a new house and the kitchen has dark blue countertops, a kind of royal blue with a marble
Painting	sticky paint. Hello, I am trying to paint a redwood patio set. Â I pressure washed, sanded, primed with Zinnser 123 primer, and 
Painting	painting over  canvas wallpaper. My parents want to change their bedroom. But the wallpaper has been in there for years. My fat
Painting	Fireplace painting techniques over brick. I'm interested in your ideas for painting over my brick. My fireplace mantle & brick 
Painting	Painting Rock Wall. In my family room one entire wall is what appears to be river rock or stone and instead of grout it is plac
Painting	barnsiding painting. This home I bought has a huge remodeled kitchen that the previous owners decided to keep up their prize p
Painting	Painting exposed brick. What is the easiest method to paint interior exposed brick? What kind of paint should be used? Â I've re
Painting	painting old furniture. What is the best paint to use with old furniture? First, I tried to use oil paint, but even with sandin
Painting	what color to use. hi, i just bought a black bedroom set and would want to paint my room but dont know what to choose. Â i have 
Painting	paint that won't dry. QUESTION: is it true that it can take a dark color of paint over 3 months to dry on previously painted wa
Painting	painting. I have am old white metal claw foot bath tub that is badly pitted on the exterior. Â The paint is loose around the man
Painting	paint color for moulding, baseboard, and window trim. Hi Rebecca; I have a question about paint colors. Â Here goes:   - Â I'm in
Painting	Paint Color for Kitchen. Hi Cyndie, I am a first time homebuyer looking to paint the kitchen of my new condo (see link below fo
Painting	paint. I used Benjamin Moore Flat Aura paint on wall. Â It went on too thick and dried  lumpy/saggy. Â What is best procedure t
Painting	Venetian wax finish on walls. Thank you for taking the time to answer my question. Â My husband and I considering purchasing a h
Painting	Color Help please. Hi Rebecca! Â I just bought my first condo and need help with colors in the kitchen and living room. Â Both ar
Painting	indoor paint color for dark wood trim. Hi! Ive been umming and ahhing about paint color for my living room. the house was built
Painting	Acceptable Temps For painting. I inherited an old home that we are trying to remodel. With only a Â few window units the tempera
Painting	Help fixing a horrible drywall texture job. Where to begin! Â I live in a home built in 1980 and the original owner made some ve
Painting	Paint solution. I have a flat latex paint on my kitchen walls that does not tolerate being wiped down well. Would a coat of pol
Painting	metal balusters. i need to finish these metal balusters that are made from re-bar (used in concrete) i will paint them black, s
Painting	Painting over Wood. I have a very old basement which is all wood (stain). Â I would like to lighten it up by painting. What is t
Painting	How to paint an open floor plan. Hi,  I have a rather open floor plan, but there are walls and some natural breaking points. Â W
Painting	woodwork. my midwest house has stained trim and hardwood floors. Everything is the same!!! Â Could I brighten the interior by ma
Painting	Milk paint. I have heard that there is a formula using powered milk to make house paint is very durable. I am thinking about th
Painting	refrigerator ice maker. ice is frozen at the outlet and the ice maker starts dripping. We clean out the bucket and it works for
Painting	Painting. I'm at a standstill here and I'm hoping you can help! My wife and I just purchased our first home, it's 82 years old 
Painting	Head gasket? DIY? 98 grand prix 3800. Has anyone replaced a head gasket in a 98 grand prix?  How difficult is it?  I am pretty 
Painting	primer for cupboards. My cupboards have a veneer on them what is the best primer to use before I paint them
Painting	painting with plastic wrap. how do you paint with plastic wrap? Â we have a room that has been painted that way and we need to r
Painting	Border Problem. We just bought a home and have taken on the task of repainting. In the kitchen we took off the top part of the 
Painting	grinning paint..please help asap. im using dulux trade diamond satinwood brilliant white on frames and skirtings and its drying
Painting	masking off painted surfaces. I have been using blue painter's tape to mask off walls and ceilings next to the surfaces I am pa
Painting	Color Choices. Hello. Â I have a split level where we've chosen SW6130(Mannered Gold) for the entryway and SW6128 Blonde for the
Painting	painting tray ceilings. How do we paint our tray ceiling? Â We have colors picked out, a very light beige on the wall and a comp
Painting	bedroom paint for an insomniac. Hi, i am having a new bedroom and i was wondering what is the best paint color  that i should u
Painting	When is Primer Necessary?. It seems that every time I ask someone when it is necessary I get a different answer. Â Some people s
Painting	Old Wallpaper - Paint over?!!!!. Hi Ed, Â first let me thank you for taking your time to answer my question. Â I am buying an old
Painting	Painting over old wood kitchen cabinets. Hello. I would like to know how to paint over old wood cabinets. The edges are worn of
Painting	Can I mud a small repair without tape. I have an area on the ceiling of the garage where something I stored in attic moved the 
Painting	hotpoint refrigerator. freezer part is icing up causing blockage to the drain. checked heater defrost thermostat, defrost timer
Painting	hanging pictures on venetian plaster. QUESTION: I'm building an Italian villa and the entire interior walls will be venetian pl
Painting	Problem with Candy Smart CTDF 1007 Washing Machine (European washing machine). Hi all,   I live in Italy, and of course, I have
Painting	Painting Kitchen/Dining Area. Have just painted cabinets white. Â Plan to paint knotty pine walls a beige/tan color. Â What Sherw
Painting	bathroom color. My husband and I purchased our house 5 yrs ago and have been struggling to find the right paint color for our d
Painting	Backing NOT coming off. I'm removing wallpaper in my last room and I'm at a complete loss. Â I removed one layer of wallpaper pl
Painting	Product to go over drywall that is not smooth. I just took down paneling in a room and, behind it is in drywall.  There are bla
Painting	SW White Recommendations Please. We're finally painting the beige trim (and doors) and contractor white walls in our house. We 
Painting	Color for master bedroom. Hi-  My wife and I put an addition on our house that part will be the new master bedroom. Our bedroom
Painting	paint. need a paint color that will look good with my natural pine walls
Painting	Theme / matching a room (part 2). Hi Sandy,  I tried to reply to your answer from before, but for some reason, I could not. Â I 
Painting	Accent Wall. Hi Sandy,  I'm painting my living room, and would like to paint an accent wall. Â I have a big window and a door on
Painting	Help!  I need help with planning paint colors. Hi Rebecca,  I have a new townhome with all off-white walls. Â It's time to paint
Painting	Paint color to match Artwork. Hi! I am having Van Gogh's Almond Branches in Bloom framed with a silver frame. I would like to p
Painting	preparing stained wood for paint. I recently landed a job painting very large stain grade crown molding for a V.I.P. client. I 
Painting	Paint color to compliment wood paneling. I have beautiful wood paneling in my living room. Â It's about a mahogany color. Â We al
Painting	install elec. cooktop. Older countertop allows only max. 19 inch depth. We desire a 30 inch product width but all of the 30 inc
Painting	Exterior Paint Storage. Dear Mr. Bradley,  I bought some paint for the exterior of my aluminum sided mobile home last year, but
Painting	painting a teen boy's room. QUESTION: We have purchased a Nautica navy and white/silver stripe comforter for my son's room. Â Th
Painting	7 kids later. Okay this may be long.  When I was pregnant I couldn't wait to paint our fixer upper. Yeah.. I picked ugly paint.
Painting	Wall Color. I have brand new burgundy carpet, and I need to know what color would look the best with it?
Painting	Paint not covering my exterior front door. I have an old wood front door that I started to paint using Glidden exterior premium
Painting	painting steel barbell weights. I have a bunch of steel barbell weights that I bought used. They are a few different colors and
Painting	wallpaper on ceiling?. Hi Ed, it's me again. Â I forgot to ask you if you can wallpaper over dropped ceiling tiles. Â I not sur
Painting	Painting eaves and heated roof. Understand that it's recommended to NOT paint walls in sunlight or that are hot, by following t
Painting	Painting Silicone Caulk. Hello and Help!   I'm trying to paint the wood frames that surround my vinyl windows but the primer sl
Painting	Interior Trim and Window Repaint: Advance or Muralo?. Hi,    Our home has trim, crown and windows that were originally brown ( 
Painting	painting over oil based paint. I mistakenly painted over an oil based paint in the bathroom with a latex paint. It started to p
Painting	Wallpaper Stripping in 3 Easy Steps. QUESTION: Hi Rebecca,  I am wanting to paint a bedroom that currently has semi-gloss on th
Painting	Painting Fiberboard Wall. Our house was originally a cottage and we have added an addition years ago. Â I am remodeling a room i
Painting	Paint color suggestions. My bar area and gameroom(pool table) area are open to eachother. Â I have a cherrywood bar with greenfo
Painting	bland paint job. I recently painted our kitchen. Wish I'd listened to the person at the Paint counter at the hardware store and
Painting	Trim. Hi, Cyndie! You are always so helpful. I have a trim question. We are painting  our very nicely-lit beach condo BM Vista 
Painting	boys bedroom. I'm in desperate need of trying to think out of the box, but just not sure what kind of paint colors go good toge
Painting	Living room color. Hi, I've recently taken over my sisters home and am trying to update it, it hasn't been painted in 10 years.
Painting	help with Sundial by Ben Moore. QUESTION: Hi, We are building a new home and it's time to paint. (Actually, they are planning t
Painting	oak beams. Hi, I have really old dark oak beams in my home and would like to bring them back to their natural lighter colour, w
Painting	what colour to paint doors. Living Room Hi There  I own a small condo that I am currently renovating. My question is there is a
Painting	choosing colors. Hello.I need help please. My kitchen and living room are connect as one big room. In living room area, I have 
Painting	Paint color for walls in a room w/stained wood molding. My project is to paint my family room and the attached dinning room. Â D
Painting	Crack on my ceiling / Miami. Hello, I had a plaster job done on my whole house ceiling and walls. I notice that in 2 spots ther
Painting	Paint Splatter. I have purchased a home that one bedroom has purple walls, with multiple colors splattered on it. Â The splatter
Painting	Painting trouble. Easiest way to cut the corners. I'm chassing my tail touching up. I have a nice cut brush, I don't over load 
Painting	Uses for Leftover Paint. I am moving and I have numerous partial gallons of paint leftover from numerous paint jobs over the ye
Painting	colour of kitchen table. We have had our traditional oval oak table for 11 years. Â We are looking for a new table. Â I would lik
Painting	Painting paintable wallpaper. I am wondering if paintable wallpaper can be used for a kitchen and painted with a semi-gloss. Wh
Painting	popcorn ceilings. Hi Ed. The house I bought has popcorn ceilings in all the rooms. Â I don't mind it so much, but I hate the gol
Painting	COLOR FOR FOYER. My foyer has a green slate floor w/white woodwork. Am removing the wallpaper & plan to texture wall & paint. T
Painting	Cleaning Paint Roller. Do you have a quick method for cleaning paint rollers? Â In this instance I used latex primer. Â I spent m
Painting	Removing old wallpaper from plaster. I have some ancient wallpaper to remove from a plaster wall. So far it's been slow doing i
Painting	Paint for a semi-wet area.... HI;   I think at this point I am fairly commited to putting up plaster board with a couple coats 
Painting	Resurfacing Drywall. I'll appologize up front if this topic has been covered to death in the past.  We own a 35 yo home with in
Painting	painting over wallpaper board. Can I paint over the wallboard that has had wallpaper on it-that is how I bought the boards from
Painting	cigarette smoke stain on our ceilings. The previous owners of our house must have been heavy smokers because there is dark brow
Painting	Toxic Paint Situation. QUESTION: Hi, I'm a artist and last year I painted my art studio with Olympic no VOC primer over raw ext
Painting	Painting on PVC and other questions. Hi All, We just had a painter come to our house and paint the house. We're less than satis
Painting	Different wall textures after medicine cabinet removal. Hi,  We had an old mirror and medicine cabinet removed from our bathroo
Painting	Removal of peeling semi gloss paint from ceiling. I removed the peeling wallpaper from my kitchen ceiling to find patchy and pe
Painting	Storing paint. Â Â As I use paint (Both oil and water base) at one point I will transfer it to a smaller container (When there is
Painting	wallpaper repairs. #1 Â Â repaired an access hole in an old lathe and plaster house with sheet rock and joint compound. was able 
Painting	Exterior Colour Choices. Our house Hi, I'm not quite sure what to do... I asked Rebecca a question and in her reply she asked f
Painting	wet sheet rock. should I remove wet sheet rock from baseboard area or let it dry and then replace baseboard? The same room has 
Painting	Visible seam on fixed hole in ceiling?. Recently, we had a slow water leak in our second floor bathroom, which damaged our firs
Painting	wing windows whistle. I have a new to me 93 Ford 250 4X4 diesel PU that those wing windows whistle like crazy.  any diy fix for
Painting	Miss. 89 Buick V6, developed a miss. Computer says no malfunction. Put in new plugs, new wires, checked compression, it's OK. S
Painting	bathroom paint color suggestion. QUESTION: Can you suggest a paint color for a VERY small bathroom that has medium blue tiles o
Painting	Paintable Wallpaper. Can paintable wallpaper be used to cover plaster walls that have simple to moderate cracks? Can it be used
Painting	painting over stucco that has a clear silicone finish on it. a few years ago i applied a clear silicone coating on Â cement stuc
Painting	Painting inside house. QUESTION: Hello, We are in the proces of painting the inside of the house but I'm not sure what color, I
Painting	water heater. my water heater has started making whistling noise when heating. what is wrong? is it safe?
Painting	Painting House Trim. Michael, we want to paint the exterior trim on our house. Â The exterior walls are stucco, which were paint
Painting	is the cost of a prefinished steel door worth it?. The door itself (white/primer) is $139.00 and to get a colormatch on one sid
Painting	Paint on ceiling in error. Son painted bathroom and did not tape ceiling edge. Paint on ceiling in multiple places. What are so
Painting	Painting Metal Stair Railings. I have moved into my mother's house which was built in 79 and it has metal stair railings leadin
Painting	Primer questions. I am trying to paint over dark wallpaper with a raised design.   I primed the walls.  How many coats does it 
Painting	Kitchen paint & counter colors. Hello Tiffany, I need help with color choices please. Our home is a single story traditionally 
Painting	painting a scooter. hey guys im new here and i have a question about painting plastic (it might be fiberglass(?))  anyway i bou
Painting	Paint Advice for Kitchen. We have a 5-year-old kitchen with golden oak cabinetry AND golden oak hardwood flooring. Solid surfac
Painting	pressure switch is stuck open in my honeywell furnace. Is there a way to reset my furnace??
Painting	Finishing drywall corners on inset cubbies. I'm slowly plodding along on my basement renovation.  I'm starting to do some dry
Painting	Remove wallpaper from plywood. A previous owner drywalled my 100+yo house with 1/4 plywood and then glued wallpaper on it wi
Painting	hot tub wont turn on. we cleaned our hot tub filled it up turned it on jets worked for a couple second and turned off there is 
Painting	Can you please clarify what you mean by 'skim coat'. Ed,  Thank you for last response - very useful! Being an amateur can you e
Painting	paint color and sofa color. QUESTION: Ijust painted my livingroom a light sage green it kinda turned out to be a lighter color 
Painting	pvc trim/bead board questions. We installed PVC bead planks and trim in a mud room/laundry room.     What should we use to clea
Painting	Refinishing used Oak Chairs that have been stained different colors (Light walnut and pecan). I'm refinishing a used oak kitche
Painting	wall color choice. Hi, I am planning on using Flexrock on the wall on the top of our stairwell, the wall is approximately 10x8,
Painting	my soar throat. Hi Im forty years old, a professional of 20, mostly in latex, int. and ext. my concern is of the warnings of lo
Painting	painting on raw drywall. I am taking wallpaper off the bathroom wall. The wallpaper peeled off pretty easy. Â I thought I was sc
Painting	Estimated price per hour. Hello Mr. Kuchar,  We are looking to have our house interior painted. Â What do you thing would be a g
Painting	hiding the groves when painting vinyl wallpaper. Ed, I have screwed up. Â I hired painter to seal and paint over vinyl wallpaper
Painting	color washing over wallpaper to soften it.. I have a bathroom with gray and pink stripe wall paper with small little flowers, t
Painting	Painting siding. Greetings: Â I am looking at a house that has two colors, light blue and light green (the addition). Â Both the 
Painting	paint over a grooved surface black /grey panel in the family room. Hi expert i have a big problem. the previous owner has the d
Painting	Quality of Nippon paint. Hello I am from Pakistan I want to know how good is aqua matt than oil matt.And what is the quality of
Painting	Staining siding with cheap sprayer. My cedar siding is ready for some stain. I once saw a guy doing that with a regular hand-pu
Painting	Cement prep before painting. Hi Mike,   I have a cement patio in the rear of the house that I'd like to paint.  Can you advise 
Painting	paint color. I would like to paint the trim on my house. Â The house color is a cool white, and while I'm not crazy about that c
Painting	G E Ice maker. Ice maker quit on G E refridgerator
Painting	Paint on ceiling looks horrible. I put up new drywall in a bedroom. Â Put on two coats of PVA latex primer that looked smooth. Â 
Painting	Woodstain peeling off. 14 months after having our house stained with Sherwin Williams Woodscape stain it began peeling off in s
Painting	White Windows with Wood Baseboards/Trim. We live in a 25 year old colonial and our entire house is oak. Â Oak floors, trim, base
Painting	painting over vinyl wallpaper in a bathroom with no fan. I was asked to paint a small area in a bathroom where there is vinyl w
Painting	help with painting bi-level interior. Hi Tim! Â I am in need of some help painting the upstairs of our bilevel. Â From the time y
Painting	Fence painted. I have a pine fence and if I decide to leave it natural do I put a sealer on it and which sealer brand would you
Painting	Wet Bathroom Wall. Please help: we have moved into a rented house and the bathroom wall is not sufficiently tiled so that when 
Painting	paint remover. I was spray painting a metal rail that's bolted to the floor in the livingroom and didn't realize how far the ov
Painting	re-painting woodwork/cabinets. We recently bought a house that has white woodwork and cabinets throughout. Â On some of the cabi
Painting	white paint with green undertone. Hello, Â I recently added beautiful molding and paneling to my formal living room. Â I would li
Painting	dormers. QUESTION: is there a correct way to paint the inside window pane of a dormer to black it out and keep it from cracking
Painting	Wall Color to go with Golden Oak Everything. Hi, we recently bought a home with a kitchen/hearth room that has golden oak floor
Painting	Wallpaper border removal. I have a wallpaper border to remove but I do not want to remove the wallpaper that is behind it. Â How
Painting	sanding. new to painting sheetrock, do i need to wipe off the sanding dust of the joint compound with a damp rag before priming
Painting	painting interior trim. Hi Tony, I am having a problem getting good coverage painting raw wood interior window sashes and trim.
Painting	trim color between rooms. kitchen-den.jpg Between our kitchen and den there is a 10'-foot wide, rectangular archway. The kitc
Painting	Wallpaper Bubbles. I've finished putting cove molding on the corners of freshly wallpapered walls in my kitchen, and now I see 
Painting	Decent box store paint?. Just recently painted my kitchen cabinets with the BM cabinet coat. Getting ready to do my walls. Can 
Painting	paint/glazing. Barbara... I currently have pickled blond-colored ash cabinets that are 15 years old with a large island of th
Painting	preparing wall for painting. I have just removed wallpaper from my downstairs hall. There are holes which have been patched and
Painting	My nightmare. Recently I removed 20yr old wallpaper from my bathroom. Got all the glue off and fixed all the imperfections with
Painting	kitchen paint color. Hi Rebecca, I have natural maple wood cabinets in my open floor kitchen and  a counter tops that looks lik
Painting	painting ceiling & wall. Hi Tony, I had sent in a response to your answer of which I was very pleased & rated you a 10 Â & voted
Painting	hiding ceiling imperfections. the ceiling Hi,  I need to hide ceiling imperfections caused by the scraping off of a textured ce
Painting	prime and paint kitchen chairs. QUESTION: i am painting kitchen chairs.they were not previously painted.i used a foam brush to 
Painting	painting a crib. Hi,  I have to get a crib ready for new baby coming in 2 weeks and I wanted to paint it black, the crib has wh
Painting	Painting a two car garage door. I just painted the outside of my house. Â Paint much lighter than I expected. Â House has little 
Painting	painting exterior brick. I have an historic property that had been renovated with several types of  brick. Â I would like to uni
Painting	Drywall came off with removal of vinyl wallpaper. QUESTION: I am working on this stairway, which I have raw drywall upon remova
Painting	painted cabinets. The cabinets in my kitchen are painted a dark hunter green. Â I believe there is a dark wood underneath. Â I wo
Painting	new construction painting. We are incorporating a major addition on our home creating an open style living space to mudroom, ki
Painting	accent walls. My Kitchen is very open and airy Â ...ceiling are 20 feet high... actually only 3  walls to kitchen ..I am thinkin
Painting	woodchip removal. Having removed the woodchip from all the walls downstairs and seen what a mess the walls are in underneath i 
Painting	problem with paint tape. QUESTION: Hi the question is when i paint walls i have to tape a wood moulding that goes from the wall
Painting	painting dark wood paneling. If I use a water base paint to paint my paneling should I use a water base kilz or an oil base kil
Painting	oil primer not drying. Hi,  New here and having an issue.  I'm not a professional, just a homeowner, but have done a fair amoun
Painting	Painting thermoform cabinets. QUESTION: Ist it feasible to paint thermoformed cabinets?  ANSWER: Hi Mark,  Yes there is not a p
Painting	paint suggestions. MY kitchen and family room are open... My family area is 14X 20 with  cathedral ceilings.. soring to 20 ft a
Painting	painting indoor brick fireplace. I have a red brick fireplace in my family room. Â The room decor is french  country. Â I would l
Painting	dining room colors. We have smaller dining room with blue wall to wall carpet, dark formal dining furniture and 1 large window.
Painting	painting different colors on connecting rooms. The downstairs of my house is pretty open and almost everyroom connects. Â As you
Painting	Crown moulding and baseboard colors. Hi, I have painted my walls with Valspar paint. The color is Brioche(3001-5B).This is like
Painting	Paint selection for basement. Basement furniture I am finishing a basement with minimal natural light. Â Floors will be beige & 
Painting	Cracked plaster. We want to repaint our spare bedroom, but there is a two foot long crack in the plaster in one section where t
Painting	mint green wall,gold curtains. my wall is mint green, curtains gold and leather settee is coffee brown but the room is still da
Painting	What colors go best with stained wood trim ?. Hello! I have stained oak trim around every window and door/way in my house! It's
Painting	colors to match my couch. Hi Cyndie, I don't know what color i should paint my walls. I have a burgundy color furniture set wit
Painting	After stripping wallpaper paint is pealing off. I've read past answers but none have specificaly fit my situation. I stripped t
Painting	Brazilian Cherrywood floors. I have a small bedroom with Brazilian Cherrywood flooring; the trim is like a dark pine but not to
Painting	Choosing kitchen paint color. We are looking at painting our kitchen/cabinets but need help picking out colors with green floor
Painting	staining a exterior door. I used Minwax polyshade on my door,but only to realize it is gloss, how do I get a satin look on the 
Painting	snowblower dilemma. My snowblower, appox 4 years old and rarely used, is running poorly and when it is actually running, leakin
Painting	Barbsiding. This home I bought has a huge remodeled kitchen that the previous owners decided to keep up their prize pocessione
Painting	Repair wall area for paintingin Bath rm. When I removed the wall paper it seems that some of the board in the shower area came 
Painting	Painting/Staining. Hello,  Thank you for taking the time to answer my question. Â I'm curently renovationg a home and I'm at the
Painting	WHAT COLOR ON THE WALL GOES WITH WHAT I HAVE IN THE KITCHEN. HI I HAVE WHITE CABINETTES WHITE APPLIANCES AND AN NEW HOME DEPOT 
Painting	Oak Dresser. I have a older model Oak Dresser that I was thinking of painting or maybe staining. (adding knobs too).  Which is 
Painting	What I found under the Old Wallpaper and how do I deal with it?. I removed old wallpaper from our 1930's house this past weeken
Painting	Product used on store wall in Erie, Pa.. Really loved the faux decoration on that wall. I believe the color was a teal green. C
Painting	wallpapering a popcorn ceiling. Hi Ed,  I have a very ugly, uneven popcorn ceiling that I thought I'd try to hide with  wallpap
Painting	Wall preparation for painting after paper removal. QUESTION: When we stripped wallpaper off the kitchen wall, we thought we had
Painting	decoration for bedroom. I am looking to redecorate our bedroom. I have a red/terracotta carpet which cannot be changed. It is a
Painting	spraying pt fence. I intend to spray my pt fence soon using a Tradeworks 150 (purchased at SW). I've never sprayed before, so t
Painting	paint. how to paint formica kitchen cabinets
Painting	changing a low VOC paints color. QUESTION: Bought it online and when I picked it up the color was off. The women at the counter
Painting	Wall color for living room. I have just redone my kitchen and painted the walls red with gold window coverings and a red paisle
Painting	Painting Scam. Sunday, March 25th, 2007 at 6:000 p.m. I demanded a contractor and four other men to get them out of my house an
Painting	crack in wallpaper & plasterboard. Our house is about 50yrs old, and the dining room was added about 10yrs after the house was 
Painting	wallpaper boarder over textured walls. when I search online for how to wallpaper over textured walls all that comes up is textu
Painting	painting. QUESTION: My kitchen has blue counters(country blue, dark), and the walls are painted blue. Â What color should I pain
Painting	drylok and primer paint...... my husband and i bought our house almost 3 years ago and our basement gets damp and we could tell
Painting	vaulted ornate ceiling. QUESTION: We have a very high curved vaulted ceiling in our 100+ year old bedroom which needs to be rep
Painting	changing wall colour. the colour of the wall is currently lavender and we want to change colour scheme for dining/living room. 
Painting	Decoration help. I am wanting to decorate my kid's room. I have 2 daughters. One is 6 and loves Fairies, Princesses, Hannah Mon
Painting	fireplace hearth color change. 5893 Hello Cyndie - I feel I'm really reaching out there with this question, but here goes anywa
Painting	How to update our kitchen. QUESTION: Hi, my husband and I have had our house listed to sell for almost a year now. Â  We have do
Painting	bathroom cabinets. QUESTION: We have brand new cabinet doors that were installed and are full of spots. The contractor Â said it
Painting	Painting smoky rooms. I have purchased my first home and the previous owners were smokers. Â Heavy smokers and I've heard of a p
Painting	Wall color problem. I have brazalian cherry laminate floor in my bedroom. Its a small room with only one window and has a slant
Painting	painting. hi, i need your help. Â i am trying to paint a wall in my apt. Â the way i want to paint it is by painting different co
Painting	staining porch floor. I am using a sold oil stain from Cabot to stain my porch floor. Â What happens if I use the stain and it i
Painting	Master Bedroom Color Themes???. Master Bedroom needing My husband and I would like to paint our master bedroom. (After we pull 
Painting	Front door colour advice :). Front of my house Good morning, Rebecca How are you doing? I've been reading your articles for a l
Painting	Paint after wallpaper. We have just removed wallpaper after about 10 years. Our house Â is 45 years old and the walls are plaste
Painting	Duration exterior paint. Eyed some help here .  Can I paint over SW A100 exterior paint freshly painted with SW duration?
Painting	Too Good to be true? (Mold Killing Primer). I probably should ask this question over on the professional forum, but, I figured 
Painting	Wallpapering over paneling. We are thinking about putting wallpaper over our paneling. Is this a good idea, and what do I need 
Painting	SOS* Paint Sprayer HELP Needed. I have a couple of questions about useing a airless paint sprayer.  We are primeing drywall in 
Painting	paneling. Can you wallpaper over paneling? Â I heard of a type of wallpaper that is textured somehow and can be applied over fak
Painting	wallpaper glue. I have removed the wall paper. I want to have the walls textured. Â Do I have to scrub off the glue or can the t
Painting	paint color choice. I have redone my bathtub with a tile surround for a shower  (from the tub all the way up to the ceiling). Â 
Painting	Poly-urethane stripes. The base paint is a dark purple, and the stripes are 1 foot wide. Â When I applied the polyurethane it we
Painting	High Hat Installation (two layers of 1/2inch drywall make-up ceiling). How do you install high hats when you have two layers of
Painting	sealing drywall. I am going to do a faux leather look using brown paper bags on a new wall. Should I seal the drywall or does i
Painting	granite paint with glitter- (Lowe's signature series. Just recently painted a bathroom with this paint (can't remember the pain
Painting	Old Walls - Painting / Drywall. Hello,  I'm in the process of painting my house's living room, but the walls are very old (hous
Painting	Removing brush strokes. My painter just painted my kitchen cabinets buttermilk color, they were a dark 1980s stain. The color l
Painting	Painting Plaster with Drywall patches. I am getting ready to paint my house. We fixed some spots in the plaster with brand new 
Painting	PAINTING STONE. We have Â natural line stone on the front of our house ( which Â is in good  condition ) but we want to faux pain
Painting	Painting Bathroom ceiling. The old paint in many places is very flake and has peeled off back to bare material. Â Does the whole
Painting	Masking tape vs. BLUE masking tape ?. What's the difference, except that blue is twice as expensive?
Painting	Foyer paint color. I am looking for a color for my entry way (foyer) with cathedral ceilings. When you enter into my home the l
Painting	Ceiling Texture. My wife and I opted for a flat ceiling when we built 2 years ago. Â I have not been happy with it since. Â Too m
Painting	paint colours. Hello, I have an open concept home that is crying out for colour. The home has med. coloured high end oak cabine
Painting	Am I crazy to stay at home while having ceilings drywalled?. Hi, All.   I'm having my ceilings drywalled over the popcorn, and 
Painting	Sanding Preparation of Clapboard Siding with Peeling Paint. Clapboard Siding - Ful Â Clapboard Siding - Clo Â  Hey Troy, I am cur
Painting	removing latex paint applied over oil paint. We recently bought a house that the previous owner freshened up by painting over
Painting	painting woodwork. my house is six years old, I won't be moving any time soon. But, I really want white woodwork. Will painting
Painting	sticky deck boards. I need help...used oil based stain on an older deck. Just stained a large portion then it rained. Now its s
Painting	Painting finishes. Our walls are not exactly flat. In fact, in certain areas, they appear a bit wavy. I visited a home recently
Painting	paste from walnut tongue and groove. QUESTION: I recently took down wallpaper from a walnut tongue and grove wall. how do i rem
Painting	Prepping metal for paint Advice?. Guys/Ladies.....   I have a remodel/flip that is very dated with the old gold/brass fixture
Painting	heLp! To sand or to paint? Ceiling issues. Before repainting my ceilings I did some drywall repair work. Two of the areas that 
Painting	cordinating colors thoughout house. QUESTION: I am trying to revamp my entire house. I have swirly beige/white ceramic tile tha
Painting	what color to paint dining room. i have to paint my dining room. Â it is a small room so I want to paint it a color that will ma
Painting	Scrapes and dings in paint. We are undergoing a reno right now!  Super exciting to have everything happening at once, but we ha
Painting	wallpaper. My ex-husband repaired wallpaper in the bathroom with Elmer's Glue. It's kind of messy now at the edge of the paper 
Painting	painting end table. I have a wood end table that has been marred and scratched over the years and not worth refinishing. I plan
Painting	Crown Molding Color. Hi,  We have sort of an open kitchen(with dark cherry cabinets) and have painted the whole area (living ro
Painting	Painting Dining Room. I have an open floor plan between my kitchen liveing room and dining room. Â the kitchen is painted a sage
Painting	color question. Hi Rebecca, Thanks for your help in the past. Â I have a colonial home with oak natural stained floors. Â Walls a
Painting	paint color scheme. Okay so i m repainting my room. Its a medium sized room. i am a 19 year old guy. The problem is i cant thin
Painting	Painting wood stained trim & windows. I have finally decided, after going back & forth for a couple of years, that I want to pa
Painting	paint choice to go with house plants. I have house plants that climb my walls and ceiling they cover allot of my walls,i would 
Painting	Paint/Decorating. Shared kitchen/dining/ I have a large open kitchen/dining/living area all with light laminate flooring. Â The 
Painting	white kitchen appliances. Hi Cyndie! Â Here's my dilemma: Â I have a bright white refrigerator, oven and dishwasher and a creamie
Painting	Cleaning paint of of vinyl tiles. i have an assistant that painted ceiling and walls without putting down a cloth. Â Someone wit
Painting	Painting Darker Spaces. Hi Rebecca, I've recently bought a north facing reverse floor plan townhouse. I love my new place but
Painting	wall coverings. The office that I work in has two large metal electrical panels right as you enter the room, so it is the first
Painting	painting cedar clapboard exterior. I Live in MA. I purchased a home here in 1996. The house was built in 1986. The color of the
Painting	KITCHEN CABINET PAINTING. We have bought a '70's house and the cabinets are made of some type of laminate in a dark wood finish
Painting	painting outdoor furniture. i have several wooden outdoor adirondack chairs i wish to paint. i want to paint them a variety of 
Painting	Plaster walls. My house is a 1941 home.  I discovered that there is lead paint under previous owners paint.  Wall texuture look
Painting	windowsills. Hi, a few of my window sills have fine cracks Â they do not go all the way through maybe 1/2 an inche into the lumb
Painting	Deck staining. I have a large deck with a pergola. Â 5 years ago we stained it with an opaque stain in a terocata color. Â The fl
Painting	applying mural/borders to freshly painted plaster walls. I recently purchased an elliptical window mural and it mentions sizi
Painting	Stipple ceilings. Ed, I'd like to know the best and easiest way to remove the old stippled ceiling from my bathroom. It has bee
Painting	Color of walls for Maple furniture?. QUESTION: I have mostly medium oak dining room furniture (table & chairs), plus a medium p
Painting	faux finishing bricks. I think I've made a HUGE mistake, HELP!!!I primed my white painted brick w/ gray primer then put red bri
Painting	Blue-Gray carpet & black furniture. QUESTION: Our church has a small foyer with yellow walls and blue-gray carpet. Â We just pur
Painting	paint color for billiards room. I have a room over my garage that is called a bonus room. Â It has 4 foot knee walls on the side
Painting	Painting with problem walls!. My husband and I are re-doing a house he grew up in and its time for the paint! Â Both, our bedroo
Painting	Wallpaper on new walls. I have recently bought a new house. The walls have been plastered and painted. I have been told that it
Painting	paint too dark. Hi, Just painted small bathroom ralph lauren regency metallics purple color and I  am wondering if there is a w
Painting	painting rooms and bringing them together. I have painted my kitchen yellow, my living rm dark green, but i feel it does not co
Painting	Painting interior doors. I'm having problems painting my interior doors. After sanding and priming the doors, I'm trying to put
Painting	painting door. Hello, Thanks for taking time to read this and hopfully help me anyway you can. I want to paint my interior door
Painting	decorating. Iam going to paint the family room noble cranberry I have denim couches (since I have to kids 6 and 4 I was going f
Painting	what colour do you think. My downstairs is very open and has white pillars separating rooms. My kitchen cupboards and a antique
Painting	Painting Bedroom. I have decided to redecorate my room and wanted to add a color scheme to the walls and have one wall a differ
Painting	Repainting Peeling Trim. So, I'd like to repaint the interior of my house (~170 yrs old, I've been here for only 1yr) but I hav
Painting	Faux finish to hide damaged walls. What are the best faux paint or texturized finishes to help hide imperfections in the walls?
Painting	TERRA COTTA TILES/PAINT. I just had a new ceramic tile floor installed , which is terra cotta/tan/taupe colored natural look. M
Painting	Help with angled stairway wall. My husband and I are drywalling our stairway and need some help on laying out the drywall.  We 
Painting	Can one person drywall cieling?. Must drywall over good sized popcorn ceiling.  Any way that one man can do this himself?  Must
Painting	New Drywall Installation, 1 joint screws are popping. I just put 5/8 sheetrock up on the ceiling in a bathroom I am remodling o
Painting	Helping color flow in my open floorplan!. Hi Gregorio! Â I am in the process of finally painting and doing some decorating to my
Painting	Decorating Spillage. QUESTION: I've just re-decorated my bathroom and unfortunately I've pilled some paint on my fiberglass bat
Painting	exterior painting. I am repainting the exterior trim on our house. There are areas where the paint is peeling. How is the best 
Painting	Painting Beadboard Paneling. beadboard nail gun and I have two questions for you...   The first: We have SMOOTH solid poplar in
Painting	stopped painting mid-wall. Hello!  I have been rolling a basement stairwell wall with S.W. antique white latex flat. Original c
Painting	Durock in the bathroom,. I was told you should leave a 1/4 gap between sheets, is this true
Painting	mud or primer first?. I pulled off the paneling in my third bedroom and its plastered underneath, covered in glue and crumbling
Painting	Cracks. I had fire damage in my house. A contracter came out to fix the walls in the damage room. He put another layer of sheet
Painting	What kind of plaster should I use. I was looking to plaster my wall, what kind of plaster of dry mix should I use to plaster a 
Painting	painting and spackling. Hello Maurice, I recently remolded a room, i put drywall up over the paneling, this was my first time d
Painting	removing siezing, wall prep for paint. Some of the sizing did not remove. Is there a product or process you would recommend? Wh
Painting	Anyone wanna take a stab at some Blueboard questions?. Getting ready to do some blueboarding on second floor remodel and have s
Painting	dining room/kitchen colors. I am in the process of painting my kitchen walls Behr spiced butternut which is a nice warm yellow.
Painting	gas pressure IN house,,,. have to reinstall our gas-fired drop-in cooktop in new cabinet,,, there's a drawer just under it whic
Painting	quote. Hi, I need to know what it would cost me to paint an internal room that is 2.4 X 4 X 5. The ceiling and walls need to be
Painting	Wall & Ceiling Paint. Our bedroom set is a lacquer red similar to Kilz Cornelian Red. Â We would like to do a two tone Cornelian
Painting	question about painting bathroom. Thank you so much for taking the time to read my question. Â We purchased our home about 2 yrs
Painting	Painting House from outside: long-lasting, weather-sheild, rock-sheild. -------------------------  Followup To the question and
Painting	Painting over oil paint and treating mold. My husband and I are researching our options for painting over the white oil paint o
Painting	painting paneling. Mr. Hall- I rent an old house with paneling on the bottom half of the kitchen walls. Â It would be too expens
Painting	Spot painting. I tried to touch up a few areas on the walls in our house with some paint except that you can see the framed in 
Painting	Textured Ceiling. James,  Our ceiling definitely has the cottage cheese or popcorn texture.   Dave ------------------------
Painting	Paniting. I want to spray paint my address on my curb? Do you know how all these people get that done? Its a little white squar
Painting	Stain over paint. I have two old floor lamps in that classic bright brass. Â I'm not even sure if they're really brass or not, a
Painting	painting Stucco exterior.. water seepage problem. Hi , I live in Cent Fla, we had water seepage thru walls Â during last years h
Painting	Rusty color. James, I am a metal sculptor doing some esperiments with concrete. I am working in this particular piece, and I wa
Painting	liquid stucco. Hi James. I live in Fla. in a stucco home built in 1989. I'm considering liquid stucco which is a coating that i
Painting	bathroom alterations. Hi James, I am hoping to knock all the tiles off the walls of our small bathroom and have it replastered 
Painting	securing generator. How do I keep generator from theft while it's in use on a deck?
Painting	painting appliances. i am upgrading the look of my kitchen. the fridge will be replaced, but my gas stove and the dishwasher ar
Painting	Painting exterior brick. Hey James, I have a brick dental office that is to be painted. First, it is in good shape. The problem
Painting	painting concrete. I'm asking you this question as well as others just to get a variety of input.  As I write, I'm having the c
Painting	paint peeling. Hi . I have paint peeling in my hallway . Not sure what kind it is . When I try scraping it off with a putty kni
Painting	Drywall cost?. I am considering a purchase of a foreclosed remodel project. If I do so I will need to have the interior drywall
Painting	Paint fiasco?. My husband just spent 3 long days painting our 14x32' kitchen dining area two coats of a Behr shade called 'Bage
Painting	Wallpaper/Primer/Paint. My parents and I are remodeling my deceased aunt's 40-yr old home in order to prepare to sell it. Â My p
Painting	CHOOSING  a paint color for my family room. I have a very large family room that I am considering repainting. Â I did have a Mex
Painting	Preparing to wall paper over tongue and groove wood walls. wood wall Â  Hi, we have purchased a 103-year old home. Â It is very w
Painting	Behr Jackal and Compass colors. Hi Barbara,  We are looking at the Behr Safari Color Scheme. Our cozy apartment has the living 
Painting	Removing foil wallpaper. Ed, we are remodeling our bathroom. It has foil wallpaper. A remodeler quoting the job said that becau
Painting	bathroom wall treatment. Hi,  We've started to decorate the bathroom and the paint started to peel of the wall, leaving it to b
Painting	Painting a kitchen table and bookshelves. Dear Barbara,   Â Â Â Â I have been trying to find the answers online, but am confused ab
Painting	paint brush drag. Hi, I'am painting some double hung wooden windows ,i am using Dunn and Edwards Permasheen california formula 
Painting	Interior Decoration - Fixing Wallpapers.. QUESTION: Dear Barbara  I would like to know what could be the deciding factors when 
Painting	Paint mistakes. I had painters come Thursday about 1:00 when it was 64 degrees .They wiped the tongue and groove and steps down
Painting	feature wall. Hello :) This is just an idea, but I was thinking of having a feature wall in my bedroom. My design idea was to h
Painting	How to Remove Paint From Caulking & Countertops. Hello,   The person who painted my bathroom did a sloppy job when it came to p
Painting	exterior paint peeling again and again. Hello  I have some wood overhang, do not know what wood, that I've already painted abou
Painting	prep for latex over oil paint finish. I have a kitchen with glossy oil based paint throughout and also on the trim throughout t
Painting	painting house. I have a house with asbestos shingles. never been painted. should I use latex or oil base? I want this to last 
Painting	Kenmore Washer Banging During Agitation. Kenmore (Whirlpool) 110.82382110 Belt Drive  I'm getting a clanging noise (metal again
Painting	Refrigerator bad odor. Hi I'm a newbie here, but I have a bad or smelly problem. I have a GE Profile Side by Side refrigerator 
Painting	crwon moulding. Can you fake the look of crown moulding with white paint? How would you go about doing this?
Painting	Toyota choking. My truck will cough momentarily, as I'm driving it feels like I lose power momentarily and it throws me forward
Painting	What colour scheme for my open plan living dining room?. Hi,  I have recently moved into my first home and have bought a late V
Painting	monitor heater. i keep getting E14 and have a full tank of fuel..........and sometimes reads E-13 does anyone have any input...
Painting	Dishwasher don't drain all the way. We bought a new dishwasher. It goes through the wash cycle just fine. When complete, I open
Painting	Choosing color of front door. We have a house that has a southwest decor. Â The trim on the outside is cedar. Â The house color i
Painting	External Lint Filter for Washing Machine ?. Greetings--  Its that time again-- the washing machine drain is clogged *sigh* This
Painting	STAINING. MY CUPBOARD IS WHITE AND I WANT TO USE A DARK STAIN OVER IT IS THAT POSSIBLE,WOULD THE STAIN STAY ON?
Painting	Cleaning/prepping walls before prime/seal. Hi it's me again.  The nicotine house guy. I wanted to start a new thread on how to 
Painting	drywall repair under a faux finish. James,  Thanks for the answer. Â My concern is this... Â When I go to blend the new faux pain
Painting	Painting over vinal wallpaper. We live in a mobile home and are planning to paint or paper the kitchen and bathroom walls. The 
Painting	paint color for small powder room. We are remodeling our powder room, which is ~30 wide by 10'long. The floor is a mottled, me
Painting	Paint on Cabinets. What is the easiest and most efficient way of getting paint off cabinets without sanding? The house I just b
Painting	Is it true that oil based can go over latex?. An old painter told me the other day that you can paint oil based over latex, but
Painting	interior paint with high ceiling. Dear Rebecca,  I'm in the middle of a new construction project and I have to decide what colo
Painting	Can anyone help match textures. Trying to match texture after major wall repair. Can't seem to find the right technique. Any ad
Painting	Demolition - Walls but not ceiling. Hello,  I starting a thread about how to best remove gypsum on walls but without affecting 
Painting	Acrylic Coat on Distemper. I want to know acrylic coating. I am managing paint on false ceiling(in Pakistan) a person told me t
Painting	fixing drywall. Hello! I am in the process of removing some wallpaper from one of the rooms in my home! Some of the drywall pap
Painting	Repainting a piano. I have an older piano that is painted white. I want to change the color to black. What kind of sealer/prime
Painting	Orange Peel Walls. QUESTION: I'd like to wallpaper a room with orange peel walls and of course the surface will need to be smoo
Painting	topping compound over paint. I have an old house with drywall walls. These walls have been painted quite a few times and there 
Painting	ice maker not getting enough water during cycle. My ice maker recently started making hollow ice. Then it quit making ice at al
Painting	painting. Do I have to do anything special to paint over a faux painted wall with just a one-coat paint?
Painting	Fridge struggling. Replace with outlet model or go new?. So in another chapter in our new house acquisition, it seems the tiny 
Painting	sheen striping. Hi James, I am getting ready to do this technique..My question is..in a 12x14 room..what size should the stripe
Painting	faux painting venetian. I am in the process or painting the interior of our home. Â While at a local business I saw a wonderful 
Painting	painting room with wood beams/wood floor. QUESTION: hi, any suggestions for wall color for a small rustic family room. have dar
Painting	I too long for my patch job. tape it??. When I cut out a piece I cut further than I needed. I think I was gonna take out a bigg
Painting	dry wall joints. In a new home what is the best way to prevent joints from showing on drywall when painting? I know a good prim
Painting	Changing texture wall to smooth wall?. Hello everyone,   I'm planning to change my texture wall into a smooth wall.  Can any su
Painting	Problem with new dark colored paint. We painted two walls with dark red and now there are stripes on the wall where the color i
Painting	color contrasting. I am picking out colors for a bedroom and want to use one color on 3 walls and a complimentary or contrastin
Painting	Painting over paneling. My question is that I own an older home (60 years old) that has knotty pine paneling on the whole area 
Painting	Refinishing deck !!. I purchased a home with a deck that was stained a very dark brown are there any options out there to chang
Painting	painting caninets help. I'd like to tackle painting my kitchen cabinets soon. I looked at the rustoleum kit but it looks like i
Painting	3/8 drywall. have a baby and live old house with horsehair wall in new baby room would like to put 3/8 drywall over old wall.Do
Painting	Garage drywall code. Can't find this for some reason.  Does drywall in a garage have to be taped?  It was always my understandi
Painting	Removing what is under wallpaper. In my bathrooms, under the wallpaper there is some glue, but even under that there is a blue-
Painting	Painting Question. We have a lot of bare drywall walls in our basement that we are finishing and I am looking for a better (fas
Painting	Office color scheme. We are remodeling an old Victorian home as our law office  and I'm trying to pick a color scheme for my of
Painting	Updating Wood Paneling. Our home was built in the 70's and the den has dark wood paneling. Â We are installing wood floors and w
Painting	Ceiling feature ( drywall edges ). How would u finish the edges off on the double drywall on the ceiling in the pic? Its 2 piec
Painting	What went wrong - skim coat easy to peel off. Outlet Box - near a butt joint (old and new sheetrock). Butt joint is good. In wi
Painting	painting my living area & kitchen. I have dark brown leather furniture in my living room, my bar stools are dark brown at the b
Painting	color idea. I have red sub-tile backsplash in my kitchen. Â My cabinets are dark brown and I am trying to find a color to compli
Painting	Color changes at bullnose corners. QUESTION: Hi Tim, I am painting walls and changing colors at bullnose corners (I think that'
Painting	Tan walls for powder room with travertine floor. Hi Cyndie,  We have put travertine on the floor in our powder room and are try
Painting	wall color. I am in the process of picking wall colors for my home. Â Because of my open floorplan I plan to do all the common a
Painting	Painting Concrete Floors. I want to try to paint the concrete floor in my condo. Â Can you give me some tips? Â I plan to use a d
Painting	2 new products. 2 new products I want to try  1. Bin Advanced getting some good write-ups. Has anyone on here used it yet. 2. C
Painting	Can I spray/paint the fireplace insert.. We're not gold people, I'd prefer it black. Can I just spray paint this?
Painting	Painting stripes on wall. I want to paint stripes on my bedroom wall, and I saw on some design show a suggestion to paint somet
Painting	out with elec cooktop, in with gas. My first post! I'm pretty handy, but my experience with elec is limited. I believe I have 2
Painting	priming. Can I just prime right over the old wallpaper glue? I don't want to scrub the walls.
Painting	wagner 1420 sprayer not working. I have a basement to paint, and  have a sprayer. It's a wagner 1420. However, it's not working
Painting	Wallpaper Backing Removal. We have purchased an investment home. The poorly hung wallpaper is peeling and marked and we want to
Painting	Paint Colours. Hi Rebecca,  I just purchased a small 611 sq ft condo with one bedroom and Iï¿½m having some issues with paint col
Painting	Lift Box remote for TV. TV works, but won't lift out of cabinet.........(.remote very flimsy).
Painting	Paint color for my kitchen. Help! My husband and I are having so much trouble picking out a color for our kitchen. We have mapl
Painting	2010 Taurus SHO transmission problem. I have a 2010 Taurus SHO, 3500 miles. Occasionally when it shifts from 2nd to 3rd, 25-30 
Painting	paint color surrounding fireplace. I have a multiple color (earthtones) stone fireplace which sits in the middle of the wall wi
Painting	bleed thru. We are painting our cabinets. Â They were previously stained. Â I roughed up the stain and painted Kilz II over it. Â 
Painting	interior woodwork. Is is a set rule that the interior woodwork should be the same thoughout the house? Â I would like to have my
Painting	Help with finding a kitchen colour!!. I really like the Red Point Sand so I think we're going to get a couple of 2oz paint samp
Painting	painting stucco. WE ARE PAINTING A 100 YEAR OLD HOUSE IN TOLEDO OH. Â IT IS STUCCO, AND  THE STUCCO IS IN OK SHAPE. Â BESIDES WAS
Painting	Recirculating kitchen range hoods. I am in a condo with no option to vent out so I know I will need to purchase a vent with a r
Painting	Wallpapering the walls after the ceiling. QUESTION: I am planning to use architectural wallpaper on the ceiling and walls of my
Painting	Fire Escape Painting / Brick Cleaning. Good day Everybody !    I seek your advice, please:   I need to paint my fire escape.  I
Painting	painting cedar planks in a bathroom. I recently bought a house with the main bath walls covered almost entirely by cedar planks
Painting	stain over paint. I have wood beams on my cathedral ceilings, but the prior owner painted white paint over them. Is there any w
Painting	paint color. I purchased a caramel colors sectional---gorgeous color==thinking of a gold or green paint color--Need specifics p
Painting	Latex  paint repair. The latex paint on our interior walls ia generally in good shape but there are a few areas that I would li
Painting	installing bead board. Hey Ed, Can bead board be installed over ceramic tile? Â If so, how? Â Right now dry wall has been install
Painting	Mixing paint. I have a lot of 1970 oak cabinets I would like to bring up to date without a ton of work. Â I would like to mix la
Painting	Choosing a kitchen paint color to go with appliances, counter tops and cabinets. My husband and I just closed on a traditional 
Painting	Painting a bathtub. Is there a product that I can paint the outside of my bathtub with? It is the typical porcelain and the ins
Painting	Baseboards / Paint. How do I remove Paint from my Baseboard(Oak). The paint is about 2 -3 years old. I've tried Paint-Stripper 
Painting	Sherwin Williams Duration. I was talked into using Duration on the wood siding exterior of my house by the Painting Contractor 
Painting	painting formica. I have a kitchen table that has formica top.can i paint over the formica?if so how do you prep before paintin
Painting	acrylic paint problems. We have older dark wood cabinets and hired someone (supposedly a professional) to paint the cabinets wh
Painting	thermostat is bad. How much is involved in installing a new thermostat in my 2000 Ford Ranger?   How long is it safe to drive w
Painting	auto egr valve. I have a 1999 camry I have replaced the egr valve I have cleaned the mounting pipe leading to the egr valve, th
Painting	Wallpapering over semi gloss paint. Can you wallpaper directly on top of semi gloss paint without the use of a primer?
Painting	need help sprucing up dark green stucco. Hey yall, I'm new here and I'd really appreciate any ideas on how I could go about spr
Painting	walls with black spraypaint..... im a rookie. my apartment kitchen has white walls, and in some parts there is black spray pain
Painting	Primer or Sealer?. I am repairing the fascia and soffitt on both my dormers but would like to hold off painting/staining until 
Painting	need paint advice. since my lost post was closed (I dont see why) I just need to know advice if painting over walls with zero-v
Painting	Compressor and spay air gun. Hi, I want to paint my house wood doors(6), steel door (2), frames and some furniture. I want to b
Painting	bubbles on walls. I to primered and had gotten all different sizes of bubbles,I used kiltz,stain covering, because there was a 
Painting	Drywall tape: wet or dry?. Anytime I've done drywall, I followed advice I'd been given to wet the drywall tape before applying 
Painting	Red marble fireplace-picture of the finished project. Red marble fireplace Â  QUESTION: I have a red marble fireplace with a gol
Painting	painted old hutch. I PAINTED A HUTCH WHAT I THOUGHT WAS A LIGHT PINK. IT IS A LITTLE TO BRIGHT. WHAT STAIN OR PAINT CAN I USE T
Painting	What to paint closed off kitchen with white cab.. We live in an older home and the kitchen is a closed off room with moderate n
Painting	Just for laughs. Because I know you experienced HVAC people will, and that's fine. Someone gave me a compact refrigerator, less
Painting	paint colrs. What do you think about SW Portabello throughout my first floor (kitchen, dining, family, office) with Halcyon Gre
Painting	Paint for a great room. Hello. Â Our living room, dining room, and kitchen all share space in one large  great room. Â To giv
Painting	How to Remove Rust From Stove. I'm helping with restoring the parsonage at my Church.  I'm currently in the kitchen and it look
Painting	My porch is so plain... help!. My house is white with no shutters, which makes it very plain looking. So i painted the front do
Painting	painting my kichen and diningroom. kitchen Hello, we are remodeling our kitchen and I am looking to paint the kitchen and adjoi
Painting	Just painted. Hello. heLp!!!!!  My dad owns a tiny restaurant and it's just been renovated. Well, here's the deal... the design
Painting	which fridge brand has lowest repair rate?. I have a 2 yo Frigidaire that is not repairable...  I want something that will last
Painting	Painting over blackboard paint. Hi - Looking for some help please.  I have painted over some beams in my house previously paint
Painting	cabinets. HI what I want to know is how can I paint my kitchen cabinets they are old and dark could you help me I think I would
Painting	air conditioner smell. I first want to say i am sorry if this is a repeat but I couldn't find any on the search.  I just put my
Painting	Painting the Kitchen with Avocado Appliances. I have a fairly small kitchen that has an avocado wall stove and cooktop. Â The ca
Painting	Matching windows to wood stained trim. I have wood stained doors and trim in my house. Â I am getting ready to replace all the w
Painting	Painting  open floor plan with different paint colors. Hi, I have an open floor plan and I don't know where to start. My foyer 
Painting	Family Room Mini Makeover. I have an art school background and I know the color wheel like the back of my hand, but I am still 
Painting	Painting Kitchen & Bath Cabinets. Hi James and Happy New Year. I'm going to tackle painting our bath and kitchen cabinets. I  u
Painting	Staining and weather proofing a porch. I just finished installing tung and groove five quarter Mahogany on my front porch. Â I w
Painting	How to restore fence?. The color of my fence looks wears out. Â I want to paint it so the fence will last longer. Â I don't know 
Painting	Painting stained cabinets. Hi Michael, I want to paint my stained, oak cabinets. I know that I have to clean them, lightly sand
Painting	Staircase & french doors. Help! Â I am building new. Â I have a winding stair case in the main foyer. Â What to do? Â Main door is 
Painting	Basement Concrete Wall Renovation. My home was Â built in 1941. Â The basement walls are coated with some type of concrete paint.
Painting	Staining a porch. I asked you this question recently but there was a problem with my e-mail so I'm asking again. Â I have a new 
Painting	painting a cement outside patio. My patio needs to be repainted. I would like to keep it dark green,the present color. How do I
Painting	door painting. Mike, forgot to ask you this the other day> I have hollow core bedroom doors that have a dark stain and polyurat
Painting	refinishing. I found an old, child's, rool top desk from the 1940's. It needs to be refinished. How do I get inside the small p
Painting	Painting Countertops. I know this might sound like a silly question but I have a brother who has countertops in his home that h
Painting	painting exterior of house.... -Thanks for your advice! Â We're unsure as to what surface prep was done when it was painted 5 ye
Painting	Refinishing table top. --It's me again. Â Thank you for the follow up. Â I need to know where to find Flat Polyurethane. Â I've tr
Painting	Painting over calcamine. How do I paint over calcamine?
Painting	Birdbaths and brushstrokes. Mr Hall, Two questions Sir. 1. We have a small birdbath (30 dia) and have painted it with a number
Painting	Paint roller. Michael what type of a roller do I use to paint Â outdoor stucco? Â The plush or wooly type? Thank you Dan
Painting	ceramic tiles. Can I paint my kitchen counter-top, which is covered with ceramic tile?  Thought I read somewhere it could be do
Painting	Exterior painting. Dear Michael,  Our home is forty years old and is covered with aluminium siding. It has been painted twice, 
Painting	Exterior - Front door and porch with columns. Hello Michael, We have an old center hall colonial house and we would like to res
Painting	New trim and painting. I am remodling my basement. I have finished all the framing and drywall and finishing work. Now, I am tr
Painting	esterior painting. Hi Mike  I want to change the color of my home and need some help matching colors. My question is I have a s
Painting	painting & resealing of concrete roof tiles. my tiles are a flat style , and sound like your shingles but with out the tar coat
Painting	texturing paneling. we are trying to texture over paneling, we primed the walls and then textured the surface, on some of the w
Painting	dining room painting. I am wanting to paint my dining room which has a chair rail and cherry wood furniture. I am wanting a mau
Painting	Paint smell. I put up paintable wall paper, painted it with Â Â Â Â Â interior Alkyd paint. The strong paint smell is almost unbeara
Painting	Sheetrock AFTER Wallpaper removal. Ed,  Â Â I sincerely appreciate your being here. I'm a member also in the Automotive section b
Painting	Decorating with art inspiriation. QUESTION: I really like the color scheme and mood in this print:   http://www.art.com/asp/sp-
Painting	vinyl wall paper cover up. I have a bathroom covered in vinyl wall paper. For the most part it is intact with a few small loose
Painting	Trying to figure out an Accent Wall. Hello- I have been researching to find out which wall to paint an accent wall in my bedroo
Painting	Paint adhesion on ceiling. I have finished the job, but----here is what I have. Â A small bathroom, 9x9 Â The ceiling is exposed 
Painting	textured paint. QUESTION: I am looking for a textured exterior coating for wood. like they have on some mobile homes  ANSWER: H
Painting	paint color to match floor and wall tiles. Hi,  We have been trying to figure out how to coordinate some paint colors for the w
Painting	Exterior French Country Colors. Hi  I was wondering if you had any suggestions on a french country color combinations. We are r
Painting	painting stripes need help. hi! im painting stripes in the dining room and need help choosing colors!! so confused. i know i wa
Painting	removing sizing after wallpaper removed. removing sizing after wallpaper removed is mu question . I removed wallpaper and the s
Painting	Mica in suede wall paint. I recently redid a living room using American Clay-it turned out fabulous and  I would recommend it t
Painting	removing varnish from a chair frame. I want to paint existing traditional chair frames a different colour using oil based shell
Painting	Painting open area. My kitchen, dining room and foyer is a open floor area. Can I paint these in different colors? Kitchen in l
Painting	Painting wood trim. I plan to paint the oak baseboard trim and trim around the doors and windows white in my 1983 rambler start
Painting	Painting without covering the wood texture. Hello Tim Hoeffel, Have you any advice/direction on how to paint a wood (beech) cab
Painting	Paint Blister. Iï¿½ve been building a cape look lawn lighthouse in black and white for several years out of MDO (medium density o
Painting	Flaking Paint on a newly painted wall. Hi  wonder if you could help me, I am trying to first coat a newly plastered wall with a
Painting	PAINTING CABINETS. I am trying to paint our bathroom cabinets. They are your normal Oak front ( medium stained ). What we want 
Painting	Childs Room. Hi Cyndie,  I'm having a hard time choosing a color for my daughters room, she wants purple or pink , her furnitur
Painting	Where Do I Start?. Hi Cyndie, My home is 10 years old and in need of some freshening up! By that I mean,  1)painting the ceil
Painting	Tuscan Colors. I would like to create a Tuscan style kitchen in my home. I love the faux treatments, but if I did a venetian pl
Painting	Best way to remove old wallpaper. We have a 30 plus yr old home w/wallpaper on plaster walls---we've tried some commercial pr
Painting	Kitchen Reno. QUESTION: Purchased new oak kitchen cabinets and have white appliances and beige floor ceramic tile. What colours
Painting	Painting wood finished trim white.... We just bought a house that is older and outdated with wood stained trim and doors throug
Painting	mould on wallpaper on pineend wall in bedroom. Hi I've got black mould on wallpaper which is on the pine end wall near the skir
Painting	How much does a GC charge for Drywall. any ideas of price range?  I need a wall about 6 ft by 25 ft hung and finished.  i start
Painting	living room pain color. HI Rebecca.Im Mary i been having trouble finding a color for my living room .i'm not very good at match
Painting	Walls colors to compliment brazalian cherry floors. I have brazalian cherry hardwood floors in the den along with a red brick f
Painting	choosing a paint color. The house we are buying has very dark kitchen cupboards, a dark green tile floor and a terra cotta colo
Painting	Unpaintable caulk. I have repainted a bathroom, but the area around the counter top is streaky and blotchy, etc. I have been to
Painting	Cast iron vent pipe. .....sorry wrong forum
Painting	Basement Paint Color. Help! Â I've spent $50 to-date in sample paints and have 10 colors on my basement wall! Â I have a newly fi
Painting	figuring out model/part number of microwave tray. I have a couple of old glass microwave plates sitting in my basement and I am
Painting	Poly Stripes on wall. QUESTION: Hello, I used Benjamin Moore High Gloss Poly to add stiping to my dinin room wall. I used a foa
Painting	painting problem. I am painting over a lavender wall in my bathroom. Â I chose a taupe/grey (Behr paint from Home Depot). Â When 
Painting	Pre-primed wood ballusters - indoors. We have had a staircase installed using preprimed wood ballusters. Â In painting the tread
Painting	Accenting a bookcase. Hi! My parents just bought a huge house and we are renovating it. There are two living areas, the bigger 
Painting	Kitchen & Den Paint. Hi Rebecca-  My husband and I are re-doing our kitchen and we are looking for paint colors for the kitchen
Painting	fresh painted cabinet doors.. what finish should I use, paint is water based semi-gloss. Â Can I use an oil based polyurethane o
Painting	vinyl tiles and paint. hello i was watching HGTV,i saw a decorator paint a vinyl tile floor the end result looked amazing, i ha
Painting	mixing: satin paint, polyurethane and ?. A few years ago I found a recipe of Martha Steward to paint a table mixing the  above 
Painting	glazing (treatment) over chocolate brown paint. My husband built a huge mantle with columns for our wall size river rock firepl
Painting	Wood trim. I have an older home that has walnut cabinets with a nice wood grain plus all walnut doors and baseboard trim. Â I ha
Painting	paint dilema. Hello...I have a major paint dilema. I am looking to choose the right color for my condo, i have gone through man
Painting	preparing wall for painting after removal of wallpaper. I have recently removed the wallpaper from four rooms some were very ha
Painting	Water Sealing Paint. I've been living in an older house (built circa 1890) and there has been a  persistent problem literally b
Painting	furniture stain. We have a dresser and chess and is painted with water base white enamel. Â I would like to stained with minwax 
Painting	melamine paint. I have painted an arborite counter top with melamine paint. I first primed it with kilz primer. One coat of mel
Painting	Cement paint. I used by accident, Cobat Cement Paint for siding on an interior room. Is this dangerous? It is pretty but I am a
Painting	Smoke Damage. Hi Tim:  My house suffered severe smoke damage. I was told that I need to have someone to clean the walls before 
Painting	standard painting over tex-cote. Dear Tim, I had my Stucco home tex-coated in '89. It has held up very well, but now has some a
Painting	painting livingroom walls. i have black sofas in my livingroom what color would be nice to paint the walls of
Painting	urgent-help. We are in the process of building a new house and are having a difficult time  choosing an interior color. Â Â Our h
Painting	Got estimates today. Two guys came by today. Both will be doing the job by themselves. It is about 40 4x8 boards equally split 
Painting	white drips on milk chocolate paint. We painted our bathroom Â (Sherwin Williams Pearl Finish) a beautiful milk chocolate brown.
Painting	color to enhance my sofa. Hi! Â Â The swirling colors in my sofa and loveseat are very light: Â silver, sage green, cream, plum?, 
Painting	Daycare Colors. Hi Barbara,   I have a basement suite in my house, about 1000 sq feet, it is fairly divided up. It has fairly l
Painting	painting bullnose corners. Our house is 7 years old, and has bullnose corners, and has not been painted since the builder's pai
Painting	HELP NEEDED!!!!. REMODELING AN OLD FARM HOUSE. Â WE KNOCKED DOWN TWO WALLS TO MAKE ONE 48'X15' ROOM. THIS IS OUR KITCHEN DINING 
Painting	BIN Advanced. Can I use BIN Advanced Shellac Primer in an airless sprayer?
Painting	Reduce Pink in Brick. I have interior brick that is light tan, but has a strong pink tone. Â What color or color-base should I p
Painting	Installing a US 240v 60hz dryer in European voltage. I moved from the US to Israel and brought with me a brand new Bosch WTVC83
Painting	Dehumidifier attached to furnace. Can a dehumidifier be attached to a furnance that can do a three floor home (2500 sq ft/floor
Painting	Family Room/Great room/Kitchen area. We have narrowed our paint color swatch for our FR to SWilliams swatch 17. Â These colors c
Painting	French Country/Tuscan Kitchen Cabinets. Can you give me specific paint/color to achieve a French Country/Tuscan style cabinets.
Painting	help painting foyer. foyer I want to paint our sort-of two story foyer/entry. However, it is difficult to know where to end sin
Painting	Painting a room with a chair rail. I want to repaint a bedroom that has a white chair rail.  Can I paint the walls just one col
Painting	hide wires on the walls. Hello, I want to decorate a room for massage. The walls have lots of wires on top and the room looks l
Painting	rules on accent walls/dark colors. Hello Cyndie,  We are preparing to re-paint our guest bedroom and I have the colors picked o
Painting	paint. hi we recently repained our living room with a color mixed for me at walmart. i went to wipe a area of it off from my ki
Painting	Help with color. I recently painted my kitchen Benjamin Moore Butterscotch. We went from white walls and white ceramic tile flo
Painting	Paper Hanging. Should I apply paste to prepasted paper or is soaking it sufficient? Â Also, any suggestions on turning inside co
Painting	Accent walls. QUESTION: I live in an apartment where the kitchen and dining area are in the same area. Â I was thinking about pa
Painting	painting metal siding. Snow builds up on the roof in the winter and rubs against the second story metal siding which has caused
Painting	protecting textured ceiling from wall paint.. Hi, I was wondering if you knew any tricks for protecting a textured picky white 
Painting	painting cathedral ceiling. Ok, I've another question. I'm still painting my condo and the problem this time is... the condo ha
Painting	Paint colors for LARGE Living Room. Hi, I bought my house 3 years ago, new construction and now I want to change my dull living
Painting	Substituting Paint. Can I substitute white primer for ceiling paint?
Painting	What color goes with fireplace. family room I am at my wits end on what color to paint my family room. Â I just can't see to fin
Painting	DR Paint color to Dark. I just painted my DR with Sherwin williams ceremonial Gold. Â My husband is not happy with the color. Â I
Painting	Removing dryed on masking tape. QUESTION: I put masking tape on my outside metal window trim last fall to mask them off for pai
Painting	Painting an old refrigerator. We have an old refrigerator that we have on our lanai for beverages. I want to paint it in fun co
Painting	Large ceiling - connected areas. I have a family room, kitchen & dinette area whose ceiling is undivided and currently resembli
Painting	Exterior house painting. QUESTION: My house is brick (not really red, but more a light orangy red with almond and black on some
Painting	Poly stripes. I am doing poly stripes in my kitchen (was going to do a high gloss finish in the same color but was told by the 
Painting	interior wall paint. Dear James, I have stripped off old wallpaper in my kitchen. Â I want to paint some of the walls. Â There is
Painting	Painting Marble Tiles. We are trying to reinvent my mother's living room as a surprise for her....the problem we are having is 
Painting	Simple Spray Texture Painting Question. I just fixed some wall damage.  I have just finished the re-texturing of the wall.  My 
Painting	Chalking paint on siding. The south and west side of my house has a lot of chalk on the surface. Washed and brushed with jomax 
Painting	70's or 80's Tin Travel Trailer. Hi...We would like to re-paint the exterior of this old tin travel trailer to turn into a lil 
Painting	masterbath wall color. fresco latte tile Hi Cyndie, need your help again. Â I have picked Daltile Fresco Latte tile for the mast
Painting	how do I match this kind of texture. I have a lighter version of this texture on my walls.     I'm guessing its thinned mud tha
Painting	Re: Staining Plastered Walls. Â Â My wife and I are finishing our new house in Mendocino, CA, and the interior walls have ten foo
Painting	Creating flow in a semi-open concept main floor. QUESTION: Hello Rebecca,  I bought a house about a year ago, and am still stru
Painting	Painting Exterior fiberglass door. Hi Joe:  My question: I have a new in the box pre-hung Fiberglass Oval Glass door and I need
Painting	Color. Rebecca: Â I am looking for a reputable color consultant in my area (Walnut Creek, CA). Â My house is entirely white on th
Painting	young mans bedroom. I am trying to do a 10x15 bedroom for my 20 year old that doesn't want contemporary but rich comfortable ro
Painting	repair/refinish textured walls and ceilings. My daughter just purchased a manufactured home :( Â The ceilings are bumpy textured
Painting	Paint ideas. Pink living room. We just bought a house that we love, but every wall is painted a shade of pink or red. HIDEOUS! 
Painting	gas area heater compared to electric. i'm planning on adding an area heater.my main source is gas furnace,financially speaking 
Painting	backsplash color. Hi Cyndie, This is not a paint question but is a color question. Â I hope you don't mind me asking. Â I am look
Painting	connecting cabinet color to floor color. We recently purchased a custom built home. Â After many hours in the design office I wa
Painting	painting over lowe's granite signature paint. Hi tim, I have wooden horizontal boards in my 150+ year old house. i tried to dis
Painting	semi-gloss vs gloss. i have two questions. i am redoing my dining room. the upper part of the wall we painted pale yellow. now 
Painting	Glasstop Stove. Hello,  I am new here and new (just posted in the introduction forum) to appliances in general. My technical ba
Painting	sea floor effect?. I didn't clarify well. I want to paint the bottom half of a bedroom wall and try to make it look like glitte
Painting	Painting Wall in Bedroom a Different Color. We recently painted our bedroom a vanilla color (Benj Moore Linen White). Â The pr
Painting	lacquer pain. i have a wall unit that i would like to paint. Â it is a white lacquer color and i want to re-paint it a light gre
Painting	colour for commercial personal training studio-urgent. Dear Rebecca, I have got a commercial personal training studio. it is ab
Painting	stained fence. how to repair a newly stained fence that got wet
Painting	Paint to sell. We are trying to get our house ready to sell. Â My husband thinks that we should stay with off white in the bedro
Painting	paint colors for kitchen and dining room. My kitchen has honey oak cabinets, light tan counters and floors, white appliances (r
Painting	removing wallpaper. What's the best way to remove old wallpaper?
Painting	painting over varnished stain. QUESTION: I have an old home with lots of stained oak trim and stairs. I want to paint it, but I
Painting	Removing Caulk- Question from a complete beginner. I have been wanting to repaint my kitchen for a while, but have just today d
Painting	My walls have not fully cured yet. I painted a 10x10 room in a deep red/brown (egg shell). Â The existing wall covering was cons
Painting	exterior paint and trim. I am building a house and need help with paint colors. Â The house is Hardee plank and the main body is
Painting	Kitchen Painting. Can you give some advice about painting our kitchen and cupboards Tuscan style?  Here are some additional det
Painting	paint color for open floor plan. we bought a new house with a main floor (dining, family, living room, kitchen) that has dark b
Painting	SPASH PAINT. Hi i wrote to you about the splash paint: Your Question was:  Hi! okay here goes...we just moved to an apartment i
Painting	wall color for green trim. we live in an older apartment that has a Victorian dark green color on the trim and the wainscoting.
Painting	Can I paint my metal framed window?. QUESTION: Hi, Ed:  I am about to move into this apartment that has black window frame. Â I 
Painting	kitchen color. I have dark kitchen cabinets and dark trim. Â The kitchen/dining room is connected and I have an open living room
Painting	skimming walls. after 30 yr old wallpaper was removed some of drywall backing came off. I want smooth walls. Â Can I take mud an
Painting	Vynil Tiles. What would be a good product to use as a top coat or sealant on vynil tiles. Â I used mine to cover up an old count
Painting	Kitchen/family room paint. I have a very light tan vinyl floor, a marble countertop (very close to same color as the floor) and
Painting	my living room w/navy blue leather furniture. my living room walls are white and i have navy blue leather furniture...i have a 
Painting	Choosing a basement wall color. We have just recently begun to finish our basement (from scratch) and we are having trouble cho
Painting	exterior painting & cabinet painting. Hi Ed, Two questions. Â 1. Â I need to paint/stain T-11 siding. Â Do I have to prime? Â Can I
Painting	Painting Over OLD Wood Paneling. My boyfriend and I have just purchased our first house, and the basement is finished with wood
Painting	Open Floor Plan. Hi,  I'm in a bit of a dilemma...We have a ranch style home built from 1965...The previous owner gave the hous
Painting	Refrigerator ice maker problem. Model - KichenAid KSRS251KWH03. 6 years old.  It's a side by side, when it is making ice cubes,
Painting	painting under roof joist. Hi Exquisite Painting, When painting under roof joist and all those nails are protruding through fro
Painting	frequency of painting/staining. I am a recently appointed trustee in a condo association and we have been going over our expens
Painting	Kitchen wall paint (color?). Hello, Â I want to paint our 15 by 15 kitchen and it has dark cabinets and medium yellow countertop
Painting	paint colors. We are in the process of repainting the second story of our 70's home - traditional styling with medium honey oak
Painting	Color matching. I have a Kitchen that has Deep Royal Blue walls. The Kitchen flows into the Living Room. What color should I P
Painting	baseboard. hi  in our house we have baseboard in wood color stain and it got years of wear and tear so how to make it look good
Painting	Colors for a basement rec room. couch with both wall c Flooring is dark walnut with three sandy beige walls and one long accent
Painting	follow-up question, re: purples and tan. QUESTION: I plan on painting the walls in all 3 bedrooms of my home one color--Nomadic
Painting	Interior door painting. Tony, I have a kitchen closet door I'm trying to paint. I'm not a painting expert, but the results I go
Painting	Bathroom Disaster!. I removed old wallpaper in my bathroom. The previous owner had duct taped all the seams of the wallboard. C
Painting	paint selection for kitchen and included familyroom. We have remolded our kitchen with warm oak cabinets. Our floor is Brazilia
Painting	painting foundation. house in question I'm wanting to improve the look of my 1910 house by painting the foundation. It consists
Painting	High walls color. Dear Rebecca,  We have a townhouse with vaulted ceilings in the foyer and living room (18 feet). It's an open
Painting	gluing wall liner over paneling. Is it necessary to prime paneling before gluing wallpaper liner to it. Â I plan on mudding the 
Painting	Kitchen decor. Hi,recently we Â have made our new L-shaped kitchen whose cabinets are black n 4nos. white in colour. Sinc our ki
Painting	Painting. Hi,  I have just started decorating our bathroom and was about to start painting the ceiling with a paint specificall
Painting	accent color for walls. Hi,  I am moving to a new condo, which has light saje green carpet all through. My furniture, which inc
Painting	Painting a babies nursery. My husband and I want to paint our baby nursery a neutral color, we have mauve colored carpet. Â I ha
Painting	Painting an apt. wall.. Lora,  Thank you first of all for taking a moment to listen. Â I am moving into a new apt. Â Typical apt.
Painting	Paint Problem, Too Peachy. Help Please!!! Between my husband's hardhead and my indecision I managed to paint bookcase a bright 
Painting	wall border. I want to put wallpaper border on textured walls and I seen in a picture where they put the border in the middle o
Painting	family room paint colour. QUESTION: I have a large family room which is an in-law suite...combination dining area and kitchen. 
Painting	repairing plaster board after removing wallpaper. I have removed all the wallpaper in the home we just bought and some come off
Painting	color for living room. Hi,  I am looking for a color for my living room, which would coordinate with Benjamin Moore Brandon Bei
Painting	Picking a color for my kitchen and bedroom. Hi, First of all I would like to say thanks for looking at my question, I really ap
Painting	color in a bathroom. what color would match an old bathroom that is pink and mauve.Right now the walls are painted white. The t
Painting	decorating/disguising an ugly wall. Hello! Well, my castle happens to be my classroom! I'm a high school teacher and I just mov
Painting	Louvre Doors - Painting. Is there any tips or tricks for speeding up the process of painting louvre doors.
Painting	Painting Accent Walls. Hi there:  I own a 40 year old bi-level house. Â Downstair has very little light and is permanent fixture
Painting	COLORS TO COMPLIMENT MY HONEY OAK TRIM. I AM LOST WHEN IT COMES TO PICKING COLORS. Â WE HAVE HONEY OAK TRIM THROUGHOUT THE HOUSE
Painting	interior garage walls. Hi ED I have a new garage and the interior walls and ceiling are drywall with 1 coat of kiltz 2 latex pr
Painting	painting. I have a very nice 2 bedroom, 3 2/2 bath townhome. It is on 3 levels. 1st level is a family room (which I use for an 
Painting	Painting over imperfect walls. Hi, I am getting ready to remove some wallpaper from our living room and would like to paint it.
Painting	Painting ceiling tile. Hi There!  We have a dropped ceiling in our basement family room and the ceiling tile is old and yellowe
Painting	Decor for my brown master bath. I have light coffee walls and marble effect brown tiles in my master bath. Right now the bath l
Painting	Mint Rug is Ruining my life :. QUESTION: I've decided to paint my bedroom (again) Â Two problems, I have a mint green (light) ru
Painting	bathroom paint. i started painting my bathroom with latex kitchen and bathroom paint. Â i did one wall and had to wait to do mor
Painting	Wall-Liner over stucco. Will heavy duty wall-liner adhere to stucco with wallpaper paste. Â I tried using pre-pasted wall-liner 
Painting	paint color for kitchen-. Hi- I have a unique color problem...  As you walk into my home- both foyer and great room- directly i
Painting	Glazing Kitchen Cabinets. I need help...fast! Â I am wanting to update my outdated 1980's Honey oak cabinets without buying a 
Painting	Choosing wall paint. upholstery possibiliti Â  QUESTION: We have a house painted contractor white, and choosing paint has been a
Painting	Wallpaper Removal. The house itself is 50 years old. Â I know that the wallpaper we took down is at least 20 years old. Â At some
Painting	interior wall painting. I have plum colored furniture, will eventually get black end tables and entertainment center. Â What col
Painting	peeling latex paint. My mother painted her bathroom with latex several years ago, and now it is peeling around the shower all Â 
Painting	Painting over Semi-gloss/wallpaper paste. Having stripped the wallpaper off of my bathroom with DIF and having washed it down w
Painting	faux painting a door. I sure hope you can help. Here's my problem. I bought some oops paint (very cheap) in hopes of painting m
Painting	polycrylics. I've stained some wooden patio furniture which is kept outside year round next to my hot-tube with Chabot's The fi
Painting	Painting brick around a fireplace. We're repainting the brick around our fireplace in the family room. Â It was painted with ena
Painting	Painting over Varnish. Tiffany,  I hope you can help me. Â I live in a log house and the exterior has been stained and varnished
Painting	Painting stripes/Vent??. Hello,  Â Â Â I'm painting a 5 x 7 foot bathroom in varying shades of Â pale blue.  Â Â Â The ceiling is two 
Painting	Painting over oil. I have just purchased a house that has a timber ceiling. I don't like the orange colour it has come up with 
Painting	preparing painting old exterior covered arch. I am curently removing peeling paint from a covered concrete arch above our from 
Painting	problems with faux painting cement. The overlaps are where he stopped and started again.About a10'x10' area,he was doing it nig
Painting	Bathroom help!. My fiancee and I recently purchased our first home. Â The first step was a new bathroom. Â We chose beige and bro
Painting	ceramic tile. Our bathtub, has ceramic tile to the ceiling on all three sides, I was wondering instead of pulling it down can i
Painting	Painting pricing. Hello,  I have added a 2800 sq feet addition on my house and need to get pricing on painting the interior. It
Painting	paint color for multiple doors. I have just painted my living room and also my hallway. I am confused as to what color to paint
Painting	Painting Kitchen Cabinets. I like the idea of the navajo white with glaze. If you could give me instruction that would be great
Painting	Need color advise. We are wanting to actually create a design to our son's (aged 6) bedroom. I don't want to get locked into 
Painting	Is it dangerous to sleep in a freshly painted room. Tell me please how soon can i sleep in a room that has just been painted. I
Painting	Preparation for painting. QUESTION: Hi,  I have multi paint project at hand.About 7 years ago, handyman removed wallpaper in my
Painting	bathroom. hello, could you tell me how to prevent paint from peeling off the bathroom ceiling please.I'm assuming it is because
Painting	bathroom wall color to compliment wood vanity and cabinets. We are re-doing our master bathroom. Â The double-size shower has be
Painting	SW Resilience Exterior on shutters--still sticky!. I'm looking for some help here about how to deal with painting my shutters: 
Painting	Venetian plaster. My friend persuaded me to try a venetian plaster in my bathroom. While I love the look, my husband does not. 
Painting	need help picking paint color. I am afraid of color and have all white walls and ready to take a chance but can't decide on wal
Painting	Ceiling woes.. I was tearing down a soffit that had no realistic reason for being above my cabinets in my kitchen. It was only 
Painting	smooth painted walls. I want to paint my familyn room wall i want  a very smooth finish what is the best roller cover to purcha
Painting	Help Help Help. Hello,  Â I am in desperate need of help, the majority of my home is brick, I have a very long porch with the wa
Painting	Painting a Kitchen with White Cabinets. We just bought a house with white walls everywhere and it desperatly needs a paint job.
Painting	Living Room Wall Color. I would like to give my living room a new look by painting the walls a different color. They are curren
Painting	Cathedral Ceilings and high walls. BIG PROBLEM.. my father wants me to pick colors for his new ranch style home. The ceilings a
Painting	Exterior wood putty. Dear Tony, I have a wooden deck/porch and have tried to fill defects in the wood prior to painting. The pr
Painting	Knotty Pine Q - BIN alone or after bonding primer (123, Coverstain). Have some old pine cabinets that just need to be painted. 
Painting	Foyer Paint Color. Hi Rebecca - I am giving myself a headache over what color to chose for our two story foyer. Â We are having 
Painting	Home Office. We're looking to convert our den into a home office. The furniture we selected is a modern, light wood with froste
Painting	bLACK BEAMS. I would like to get the black beams to look like wood. Â How do I do that?  Thanks
Painting	papering after painting. How long do I have to wait to hang wallpaper border after painting a room
Painting	Residual Wallpaper Adhesive. I have removed wallpaper in my kitchen however after multiple passes with a Dif Removing Gel and a
Painting	exterior paint removal. We recently purchased a home which has brick on the front. Â The brick has been painted and the paint jo
Painting	paints/lead. i am thinking of using zinzzer primer sealer ,like kills i gues? my concern is my one year olds possible exposure 
Painting	bare metal rust. Thank you for taking this question Michael.  I just had my two story metal exterior staircase sandblasted. Â Th
Painting	Painting a deck. Sir: Â I have a deck that is about 3 years old. I cannot put a roof over it as yet. My problem is, the sun is e
Painting	Estimate...roughly about. Hello, I am looking to find out some information if you could please. I am looking to get a estimate 
Painting	Pool Deck. Michael.My recently purchased home has a in-ground pool with a great deck. I've been told the deck is coated with co
Painting	painting doors. Hello I painted the doors in my appartment white. I used a waterbased paint. Now the paint is peeling. Someone 
Painting	Painting Damaged Drywall. I recently stripped wallpaper in a room, hoping to expose a clean drywall surface underneath that cou
Painting	Painting Eaves of house. I have had problems with paint peeling from the eaves of my house. I am in the process of scraping in 
Painting	painting interior doors. Hi..we are getting our basement finished by a builder and it is almost done. We are doing the painting
Painting	wall preparation prior to painting. In a bathroom that needs painting there's a gap (approx. 1/4 - 1/2 inch wide) along the top
Painting	Deck Stain. The home I recently purchase has an existing deck which is stained a very dark brown colour. Â I found a can of the 
Painting	Wallpaper. Can I wallpaper over a vinyl paper that is very solid? If I decide to remove the paper what is the best way?
Painting	preperation. Can you tell me the best way to remove old paint from a ceiling. I've scraped away the flakey bits! Now I need the
Painting	elastomeric paint?. Hi Michael, wondering what can be used to fill gaps in plywood covered with elastomeric paint(I'm using De
Painting	latex over oil. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  which is it.... you cant do oil over latex or latex over oi
Painting	wallpaper removal. Hi, Michael  My husband and I bought a 60+ year old house. Almost all of the rooms have wallpaper that needs
Painting	Removing wallpaper trim. I am looking to find out how to remove wallpaper trim in a kitchen. I've never done any of this before
Painting	Painting after wallpaper. We have just removed wallpaper from our kitchen walls and it came off very easily with out chemicals.
Painting	Painting, ReStaining an exterior deck. Powerwashed my 10 year old deck summer 2003. Â In the Fall; I stained my deck with Home D
Painting	Oil based product in the laundry. Hi,  I have gotten an oil based product from a stray construction rag mixed into my laundry. 
Painting	Interior Paneling Stain/Paint. Hi. I'm a painter myself but I'm a bit stumped with this: I'm trying to lighten up a cavernous
Painting	window coverings. Hi Rebecca,  I need some advice on what color my window coverings should be in my living room. Â The color of 
Painting	Paint that was under wallpaper is peeling. I'm removing very old wallpaper from a bedroom in my house; I believe it's at least 
Painting	oily ceiling, painting nightmare. I have bought a house where the kitchen was being used for commercial purposes. It seems that
Painting	stripping and re-finishing old metal door frames. Hi Tony-  I live in an old NY City apartment building (1929) and have strippe
Painting	Stain for outdoor deck. QUESTION: I am looking for non-toxic, no-VOC exterior stain, solid or semi-transparent, for exterior de
Painting	bathroom paing. I am getting ready to paint my bathroom. Â It has a mixture of the old avocado green & white marble countertop, 
Painting	Painting a black entertainment center. How do I paint a black entertainment center in white? and what should I do with the blac
Painting	Color choice with dark brown chair rail. I want to paint our dining room, but I don't want to paint the dark brown chair rail. 
Painting	color scheme. Hello Cyndie,  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â I have brazilian cherry laminate flooring and cream color sofa. My walls are pain
Painting	texture bleadthrough. Â Â I have just finished putting 2 coats of eggshell paint over a wall that had been painted with a texture
Painting	faux wood graining. My cabinets are and off white(JUST PAINTED) I hate it. I would like to do a cherry faux wood grain on them.
Painting	painting room with high ceiling. QUESTION: Thanks so much for offering such a nice service! A few years ago I had my vaulted ce
Painting	painted over wallpaper. Dear Ed: Â We just bought a home that was built in l974. Â We had not noticed before we purchased it that
Painting	Faux brick fireplace. How do you tastefully cover up a faux brick fire place? My husband has thought of building a face to co
Painting	Living room wall color to match brazilian cherry flooring. Living room I am needing some suggestions for paint colors for my li
Painting	Painting over stripped wallpaper.. I looked and could not find an answer to this specific question. Â Please forgive me if I mis
Painting	painting interior walls. I am painting the inside of a 35 yr old house. The base boards, window trim and wood railings are stai
Painting	master bath and bedroom paint. My husband just retired from the military and we have finally purchased our first home. Â I never
Painting	lighten paint. I am in the midst of getting two kid's rooms painted. I went with BM potporri green in one room and BM Beach Plu
Painting	making a straight line using painter's tape. I have been trying to make straight vertical lines on my walls by using painters t
Painting	Painting Wood Stained Trim. We just purchased a home that was built in 1994. The ceiling are 8ft. and all  of the trim, crown m
Painting	finding a paint color for my kitchen. My Kitchen In the first question I forgot to attache the pictures, so here they are. Than
Painting	wallpaper. I have a small dining room (11' x 12') with crown molding and chair rail. I have picked a wallpaper and paint my onl
Painting	Color for home gym?. Hello Rebecca,  Boy am I glad I found this site - your expertise will be HUGELY appreciated!  I am hoping 
Painting	Sanding new drywall after pimer. I have just applied a good PVA primer coat over new drywall. I removed all drywall dust. The a
Painting	Colors for a Living Room. Hello-  I purchased a moss (micro-fiber) colored sofa and two chairs and have selected a Jute color f
Painting	I need help choosing paint colors for the entire first floor.. We just remodeled the kitchen with mandarin stained cherry cabin
Painting	Blue electrical boxes are to far in the drywall. I have been finishing my basement and for the most part it looks good. PROBLEM
Painting	which color for entertainment center. We had a entertainment center built in (wall to wall). Â At this point it is still all whi
Painting	WOODWORK STAINING. QUESTION: I enjoy stripping wood and restoring it to its original finish. Â I notice that once the wood is ba
Painting	vaulted Beanboard ceiling. We are building a mountain house on the river. Â The beaded ceiling will be vaulted to include a larg
Painting	Should I paint my interior trim. Hi Rebecca- I am hoping you can offer some advice- We built our home about 5 years ago and we 
Painting	Extierior Paint. I used to buy a paint that was very good on exterior windows. It was called Varithane with Colors, and it was 
Painting	Painting a wooden fire mantelpiece. Please could you advise the correct paint and method to paint a wooden fire mantelpiece. ce
Painting	colors for bedroom. We are adding a bedroom on. Â It is 24 x 24. Â The bed will be black, other specialty pieces will be a 2 draw
Painting	Bathroom Re-Paint. The bathroom is painted with a white Latex High Gloss Enamel. Â We want to repaint with a tan Latex Satin. Â D
Painting	Fixing and Color Washing Bathroom Drywall. Hi,  I had to remove some 30-yr-old wallpaper glued directly on drywall in a bathroo
Painting	Painting Continuous Wall. I have a wall that spreads from my dining room, into the entryway hall and then  into a library. Â I d
Painting	Interior door colors with oak trim. Hi, We recently renovated our home (built in the late 1960s) and did wide plank natural whi
Painting	painting. I have a large heart shape decorative ~ 4'.The color of decorative is mid grey with pretend diamond stones. I also ha
Painting	bedroom wall color. I have a VERY small guest bedroom (10'x12') Â I have a beautiful Ralph Lauren floral comforter which has lig
Painting	Glazing Cabinets. I would like to put a chocolate glaze over already white cabinets. I need to know how and the cabinets are wh
Painting	SW - Flowing Restrained Gold to Burgundy. Hi Cyndie,  Could you please tell me if these colors flow, or suggest an alternative?
Painting	What colour to paint the wall. I have a gold colored sofa and have just bought a rug in merlot which is burgundy with pink high
Painting	Textured slanted ceiling/. We recently bought a lake house which has a room(using as our master bedroom) with a slanted texture
Painting	Primer Sealer. What brand primer sealer is the best on new drywall to prevent banding from showing after I paint the walls?
Painting	Humidity and paint. I hope you can help me, I am concerned the humidity is too high today to paint my living room but this may 
Painting	blending old paint and new. We had water come into our ceiling that left a water mark. We have used a sealer  to paint over the
Painting	painting wood molding and trim work. im buying a house built in late 80's with a lot of oak wood. All the trim, doors, windown 
Painting	Paint VOC. We have recently bought a flat and are doing some painting work. The paint we have chosen is low VOC (0.29% per 32m 
Painting	fireplace painting. we have a fireplace made of very light colored grey and tan fieldstone with black mortar - i'm thinking abo
Painting	Advice needed regarding restaurant painting. Dear Mr.Gallagher Greetings. Need your advice.I have an restaurant in birmingham c
Painting	Suggestions for wall colors. Hi Rebecca,  We live in a bilevel & are looking to paint the foyer, living room and dining room. T
Painting	High ceiling. Dear Tony, I hope you can solve my problem. My high ceiling in living room has dark streaks going up where each r
Painting	Painting cranberry red over white. What is the best way to cover white primer with cranberry red paint so I don't have to paint
Painting	Paint color for kitchen cabinets. We have recently installed solid maple flooring (Amaretto) in our kitchen. Â We have yellow oa
Painting	what all to paint in a room with wood paneling and cathedral ceiling. Hi, our den has wood paneling, It has cathedral ceilings 
Painting	painting foyer walls in a bilevel. Do you have any special technique for reaching and cutting the high wall in the entrance foy
Painting	interior color. We are painting our living room a color called hopsack. Â Our living room is spacious and has a lot of natural l
Painting	How to fix wall after using sand in paint. I painted my bathroom walls with paint that I added sand to. Â It did not turn out we
Painting	Wall and carpet colors. I have bright red sofa and over size chairs. Do you have any suggestions for wall color and new carpet.
Painting	removing paint from bannister. I want to remove the enamel paint on the bannister of the railing leading to the second floor of
Painting	Window Exterior Painting. QUESTION: Hello,  I did a quick search on exterior window painting with no luck so I thought I would 
Painting	accent color surrounding granite fireplace. fire place I am looking for an accent paint color to complement my granite fireplac
Painting	Painting bathroom trim. Walls, ceiling, fixtures are white; floor covering is shades of brown; cabinetry will be espresso; shou
Painting	painting a faux concrete brick wall. Hi Tony! First are you Duncan's brother, if so Hello and I miss you! Second, my friend Kri
Painting	4 wire gfci plug on air conditioner damaged. Am wanting to replace my damaged male plug with a reguar three prong plug, problem
Painting	Jewel tone furniture. I have a great jewel tone sofa (burgandy, emerald and navy) and need help finding a paint color for the w
Painting	Painting cabinets with fake wood grain. I've purchased a 1979 travel trailer. The interior cabinets and woodwork is  made of pr
Painting	Kenmore dishwasher. Hi, I've got a Kenmore dishwasher model no 665 that after the first cycle finishes no more water comes into
Painting	paint color. I have a large bedroom and master bath that are wallpaped and I want to paint both. Â The bedroom has hardwood floo
Painting	Minwax stain/poly. I have a quart of Minwax stain with Polyurethane but it is a light honey color. Â I don't remember what it wa
Painting	dining room paint. I want to paint my dining room taupe and the woodwork, trim, windows black. Am I crazy?
Painting	paint ceiling....glitter outerspace effect. I am planning to do my sons room with a space theme. Â The walls will be metallic si
Painting	patchy painted walls. QUESTION: hi, i recently painted walls in living room, but when the sunlight shines on them they look inc
Painting	Mildew Resistant Paint. Mr. Gallagher, on rainy days mildew forms along the bottom of an exterior stucco wall (of my home). Â Tr
Painting	Interior paint with built in primer. I am planning on painting my daughter's bedroom. Â It is currently a dark green color and
Painting	new drywall painting. If I would use that paint with the texture in it on new drywall, would that be like my primer and then I 
Painting	natural woodwork. We have natural woodwork in our home. (Louvre doors, 8 over 8 paned windows and clam-shell trim) The wood typ
Painting	PAINTING OLD CONCRETE PORCH. I HAVE AN OLD CONCRETE PORCH THAT WAS PAINTED GRAY SEVERAL YEARS AGO......... IT HAS WORN AND NEED
Painting	Bathroom- repair of ceiling paint and wallpaper. 3 july/09, hello Ed: My house is 50 years old. I would greatly appreciate your
Painting	choosing paint colors. Hi Cyndie, I am reapainting many rooms in my house and I'm having a hard time picking colors. I asked yo
Painting	Wallpaper glue. I had two rooms with wallpaper. I removed the wallpaper, cleaned the paste and glue as much as I could. There w
Painting	painting a mural on an outside shed. have a wood outside shed. want to know how to prep it,etc. would like some ideas on what t
Painting	Best paints for outdoor mural on stucco. Hi! Â Â I've been hired to paint an outdoor mural on a freshly stucco'd building and wou
Painting	paint color for dark house. Hi Cyndie,  We are moving in to a rental home. Â The house has a different color in each room, oak h
Painting	Painted Floor --- STICKY. Cyndie, I painted an enclosed front porch (it is a non-insulated room with very good windows and glas
Painting	painting over unfinished wood in kitchen. My kitchen has what I call boxes over my cabinets. Â They are covered in wallpaper, wh
Painting	paintint a family room in the basement. Hi, I,am painting a room in the basement, there is a ledge separating the top half from
Painting	before texturing. I recently removed wallpaper. Â Do I have to prep the walls in any before I texture them? Â And do I have to pr
Painting	Painting exterior of home. My house is white and I washed the house and there are millions of little brown spots that require a
Painting	Paint colour. Hi,  We have just bought a house that has cherry colored floor boards, and we have a white couch. Not sure what c
Painting	bathroom fixtures & wall paint. I am moving into a late 60's home and the bathroom fixtures (toilet sink and tub) are blue. Â Ki
Painting	minwax high build poly clear satin finish. I am using minwax high build clear satin poly on stained pine boards. Â The  finish
Painting	Paint on pine vs oak. Hi- I am going to paint an existing set of unfinished stairs with pine treads as well as a landing on whi
Painting	Wall Paneling Painting. Remember the days when everybody put paneling about half way up their walls? Â I still have a room with 
Painting	painting  refrigerator. QUESTION: All of my appliances are black except by frig, which is white. We brought the frig with us to
Painting	removing decorative accents from cabinets. I am buying a new home. Â The kitchen cabinets are dark wood. Â The last owner had an 
Painting	Should I paint my quality oak trim. My 17-year old house has beautiful oak trim. Â It seems the current trend is to paint the tr
Painting	Paint problem?. Hello, we hired a professional painter and texturer. Â The texturer put a texture coat on the day before. Â The t
Painting	painting fireplace with oak floor. Hello, I wanted to know if you had any ideas as to what color to paint our red fireplace. Â W
Painting	Painting damaged wall. I made a mistake when painting our wall--it had been damaged after removing an old sink and removing a w
Painting	What colors should i paint my deck and fence?. Hi Tim, My shutters and door on my red brick front colonial will be painted (all
Painting	Kitchen wall paint. Kitchen Â  QUESTION: Hi, Â I am having a hard time selecting a color for my kitchen walls. Â I have oak cabine
Painting	Paint choice. Hello - In my living room, I am making custom bookshelves that are built into the wall/floor. I am using 100% woo
Painting	glitter in paint. Actually, the glitter comes in a seperate packet. Â That is what I was wondering could be added to regular pai
Painting	Interior of a Storage Shed. I have a brand new storage shed with the typical unfinished pine studs and plywood on the interior 
Painting	ceramic tile non-permanent paint. Hi, I am a renter and I want to paint over a couple ceramic tiles that are part of a kitchen 
Painting	refinishing bookshelves. QUESTION: Hi, I'm refinishing some bookshelves that are currently black. I want to make them orange. M
Painting	Basement  decorating. I'm just finishing the drywall in my basement.My wife would like a chair railing installed. The ceiling i
Painting	paint problem. Mike, I have an alligatoring problem with latex paint I used to paint the ceiling in my hall. It is surrounding 
Painting	Faux Concrete Walls. Hey there Rebecca,  I am designing a short film that calls for a room with concrete walls. We are shooting
Painting	Help choosing a paint color for living room. Ok, I hope this helps you. Â I went onto Glidden's website. Â The color Serene Thou
Painting	dishwasher problem. i have put a dishwasher into storage in working order but now it wont work it wont go through the cycle
Painting	ice machine. manitowoc ice machine water wont shut off, water on floor
Painting	Water stain on ceiling. Hello,  A PVC boot on my roof had a very slight leak but I didn't notice it until way later when a ligh
Painting	whites for trim and ceiling. Hi, First just want to say thank you for your earlier help with the colors for my redone basement.
Painting	painting chipped wall. QUESTION: After a fire the walls in my house were painted with a sealant, then painted. Â Since that time
Painting	White Spots Kept Reappearing Over Blue Paint. We've painted the bathroom w/ baby blue acrylic (Ben. Moore) paint, but small whi
Painting	GE  washer. my washer  the agitator is loose on the top half of it how do I take it off to tighten
Painting	Theme / matching a room. Hi Sandy,  I know this is going to sound dumb, but I am trying to figure out a way to put a theme to a
Painting	wall color???. I just recently moved into my new home. All my furniture is a dark brown including my kitchen cabinets. My carpe
Painting	Wooded Paneling Walls....Yuck.. Ok well Me and My Husband just moved into our new house... But it has The Fake Wood Paneling. A
Painting	Prep for mobile home painting with no TSP?. I'm situated next to our community well, so I need something bio-safe to prepare th
Painting	Color to Paint  Walls and Curtains to match/Blue Carpet with Wood Trim. Blue Carpet Â  QUESTION: Hi Rebecca,  We are struggling 
Painting	Paint or Stain Exterior Brick. The rose of Gatlinburg We would like to re-color (earth tone) the outside brick on our vacation 
Painting	Paint won't stick. After using binz on ceiling to cover mold from  excessive moisture, ceiling paint doesn't want to stick to s
Painting	paint chip for dryvit color. where can you get a paint chip or color sample of dryvit colors?
Painting	Painting windows. Hi, I'm now to this forum and I'm hoping you can help me. We have just purchased a new house that has dark wo
Painting	blistering plaster wall. I have a plaster wall that was papered and painted multible times. Â It is on an exterior brick wall be
Painting	Painting a mobile home. Greetings!   I am wanting to paint my room this summer, but I'm not 100% sure on some of the specifics.
Painting	Stumped on Bathroom color. Bathroom Color Help Pl I really need help! Â We have tried 2 colors....none panned out. Â Our first co
Painting	HALLWAY&FOYIER. My house is 30 years old. Â Currently the foyier and hall are painted two toned, cranberry on top, cream on bott
Painting	chrome metal table legs. I would like to know if i can paint chrome metal legs on a dining table that i have and if so what do 
Painting	Pre pasted wallpaper. I herd that prepasted wallpaper should also have paste applied.Is this true? Also i saw a product by Zinn
Painting	Confused. Hi! For amost a yr now I've been trying to decide on a specific color of paint for my interiors. I hope u can help me
Painting	help with painting popcorn ceiling. I purchased a home in 2006 with popcorn ceiling on the ceiling of every room. Â Within a few
Painting	Paint on rug. Do you happen to know what will remove old paint stains from my carpet. I was using black craft paint.washable an
Painting	Old ceiling sheetrock - and rot?. This home was built in 1981 - not top-dollar. In the kitchen and dining room where I've remov
Painting	Help with a Texture Pattern. I am doing a remodel ceiling repair and the ceilings have a circle brush pattern, one I have not s
Painting	choosing blind color. interior color of hous my house has interior painting of vanilla color can i use same blind color or wood
Painting	Painting My Front Door. I'm painting my front door with an exterior Semi Gloss paint. Â (My door is not really an exterior door 
Painting	Does paint have a shelf life?. I am getting ready to paint some mdf crown moulding which I have primed using Bullseye 123. The 
Painting	Acrylic Solid Stains on previously painted brick?. I have a brother-in-law (who's definitely not a dumb a**) who had is own hou
Painting	out side brick home. we wish to change the color of the Â outside of our brick home. where do we get information as to how,where
Painting	window trim colour. I am getting replacement vinyl windows for my red brick house. Â The windows are white (beige costs 15% more
Painting	painting gutters ?. i want to paint my gutters and soffit/facia.  (i remember a thread from a while ago, but searching didn't f
Painting	wallpaper removal--residue. We removed wallpaper successfully but discovered that there had been some residue on the wall when 
Painting	year old cedar pool deck. Hi all.  A year ago I replaced a pool deck (obove ground) with cedar.  I let it go all summer and the
Painting	dishwasher leaving brown marks. hello,  my 8 year old kenmore dishwasher began leaving brown marks on the light colored dishes 
Painting	Paint Color Question. I am painting over 70's brown paneling in my basement. Â The intent is to create a nice billiards room. Â T
Painting	Where does the condensation go in my fridge?. Hi everyone, here is time line of what has happened so far:   I have this fridge 
Painting	painting a bathroom. I have a bathroom tub area that is only tiled half way up so i cant shower- instead of tiling i was wonder
Painting	Dryer Vent rerouting question. The geniuses that built my house decided to put the dryer vent output on the front porch.  Thi
Painting	Semi gloss paint. Hi Barbara,  I bought my home in 2002 and painted the bedroom walls with semi-gloss paint. Â I am now wanting 
Painting	Tex Cote Paint. Rebecca, My house is l7 years old. Â It is a victorian with a lot of scallops and trim. Â It is a dark color so i
Painting	Splotches on newly painted wall - new drywall. After a water issue in our basement, we had a contractor put in new drywall and 
Painting	wallpaper/paint color. Hello-  I am in the process of hanging wallpaper in my small powder room. Â The color of the paper is a b
Painting	trim. Hi Rebecca,  We recently installed dark hardwood flooring in our living room. Â I am now wondering what color should the t
Painting	Japan Drier. Troy,I have an old quart of Sears oil paint [10 years] that is excellent in every way except I noticed it will rem
Painting	Laundy room redo which kind of drywall. Hey guys and gals. I had a little issue over this weekend a had a pipe leak on my main 
Painting	Painting stained rough cut cedar. I have a wall inside my home of stained rough cut cedar. Â I would like to paint or apply a fa
Painting	paint options. I am trying to decide on paint for a workout room I'm hoping you could help. Â The workout room is small with no 
Plumbing	Tom & Mark's Timely Tips. 1. Smells and noises are the most difficult to track down if you're not there. While we can't pinpoin
Plumbing	Trickling water from gooseneck. Sprayer works fine, just a trickle coming from gooseneck.Unit is only 2 yrs. old, replaced shut
Plumbing	Toilet bowl water level. When I came home from work today I noticed that the water in the toilet bowl was significantly less th
Plumbing	Toilet. Removed downstairs toilet to install new floor, is it safe to use upstairs toilet and shower
Plumbing	Pool pump leaking. My pool pump is leaking at the motor where the motor mounts to the pump. Is this a gasket?
Plumbing	Muskin pool manual. We need to get an installation manual for a muskin 15x30 pool.
Plumbing	Pool timer stopped working T104P3. Pool timer T104P3 works manually turning it on and off.  I can see the gears working but act
Plumbing	Craftsman Tractor Problems. I have a 21 HP IC Twin Craftsman Tractor / 42 inch deck<> Will not start when hot <> new plugs,fuel
Plumbing	Wiring 230 Volt Pool Pumps. Wiring 230 Volt Pentair Pool Pump. It has Line 1, 2, 3 ground is separate to chassis. Which one is 
Plumbing	Basement Bathroom. Hello.  I am just in beginning stages of finishing basement bathroom.  It has been rough plumbed for toilet,
Plumbing	Bathtub drain. We have a ball on top of our downstairs bathtub drain. We can't figure out how to plug the drain to take a bath?
Plumbing	Replaced a 20 gal bladder tank, have good pressure for about 2 seconds then it drops. Switch is 40 60 I set the bladder at 38#,
Plumbing	Dripping Noise - Water Heater or Water Softener. I have a closet that contains furnace, water heater and water softener.  I hav
Plumbing	after flushing my toilet it sounds like a fog horn. I have a flushometer.. I just replace the diaphragm and now after flushing 
Plumbing	My auto fill with the name korky is not working.  How can I adjust it to work?. My auto fill with the name korky is not working
Plumbing	Best On ground pools in New Jersey. I am considering installing an on ground pool and need to know the pros and cons of them be
Plumbing	Rock bed pump. I have a 16x32 inground pool that is 8 ft deep.  I have the liner out because of problems with ground water.  Th
Plumbing	I need assembly instructions for a Johnny Weissmuller Sahara 15x30 oval pool.. I need assembly instructions for a Johnny Weissm
Plumbing	how to fix a above ground pool wall. I had a pool installed by company that I would never use again and after the pool was fill
Plumbing	My polaris 380 runs slow. I changed booster pump , and had sweeper checked by dealer I changed disk from red to blue can it be 
Plumbing	24 foot round pool rusted bottom track. I was recently given a 24 foot round pool with 52 inch wall height. The bottom track is
Plumbing	Replumbing a Spa. I need a plumbing disgram for a Hot Spring - Produgy portable spa.  I do not know the age.  The Serial number
Plumbing	How long to run my pool pump?. Hi,  I have a 15,000gall pool that we leave during the summer months in Florida, what is the min
Plumbing	Methane smell. Manufactured home, wife smells methane gas(Poop) coming from master bedroom ac floor vents. Just that one room.
Plumbing	Back up. Dirty water is backing up in the tub and the toilet when the washer is spinning the water out. Now I can't wash or  th
Plumbing	Hudson Reed  - good stuff or junk?. These guys are a plumbing fixture supply house in the UK. They sell in the USA and provide 
Plumbing	LOUD noise right after flush. Just started yesterday and we have lived in this house a year.  When we flush a grinding noise ha
Plumbing	sewer gas odor in bathroom. We had our bathroom remodeled and now smell sewer gas in the bathroom. It started the day they fini
Plumbing	Plumbing diagram. Where ca I get a plumbing diagram for a 97 dimension one charman spa?
Plumbing	Brown tar like substance seeping through tile floor. I'm renting a 54 yr old building for my business. I covered the existing t
Plumbing	Intex pools leaks. My mom and dad gave me there 18' intex pool.  Well as far as they know it didn't have any leaks.  Well it ha
Plumbing	Water flow shudders. The symptom:  When running water from the kitchen or bathroom faucet, every 3-5 seconds there is a split s
Plumbing	pool top rails. i have a zodiac ovation pool the palladian model and my top rails are rusting. i have been unable to find repla
Plumbing	pool skimmer not suctioning. This is our first in ground pool (the house is not new and neither is the pool) It has two skimmer
Plumbing	Pool - build up or drainage. We are going to get a 24ft pool installed but have some slight water issues in the backyard.  We h
Plumbing	Pool Liner Shrinkage. I have a Doughboy 32X16 above ground pool. The water level over the winter got low due to a leaking hose 
Plumbing	Cracked Hot tub shell in empty tub. I drained my hot tub this winter, vacked out everything and wiped shell dry.  Just opened i
Plumbing	what is the sandy build up in my hot tub?. 
Plumbing	Is it safe to leave an above ground pool empty during the winter?. Our 3 yr.  Old above ground pool is now leaking (most likely
Plumbing	Ground wire to Hot tub. When I hook up the ground wire to the bar on the hot tub it trips the GFI but when I run it without the
Plumbing	Hot Tub (spa) GFCI Wiring. We have a ThermoSpa Hot Tub outside on our deck that came with the house (in MA).  It requires 2 - 2
Plumbing	water heater - denver specific questions. My daughter lives in Denver (I live in St. Louis) and her water heater keeps going ou
Plumbing	Changing out hot and cold valves.. Currently have a garden tub with the hot and cold water attached to the tub not in the wall.
Plumbing	Sewage injector issues. The circuit feeding the injector pump has been flipping lately. N happened once about 6 months ago for 
Plumbing	do new american standard toilet tanks fit older(1975) toilet? Tank looks the same.. Do new american standard toilet tanks fit o
Plumbing	FLO on Spa - No heat. Blinking FLO on read out.  Water still circulates, but no heat.  Reset works for a moment, then back to F
Plumbing	Spa wiring 4 wire with gfci confussed!. Planning to hook up new spa with a pony or sub box as they call it, was thinking about 
Plumbing	Water behind liner of inground pool. Hi,  We have a 16x32 inground with about a 8.5 foot deep end.  When we bought the house we
Plumbing	dropped item in bathtub drain. My daughter stepped on a disposable razor breaking the razor part off of it which then went down
Plumbing	Garage floor leaking water. Water is collecting in our garage along the floor tiles. Doesn't se to be drying off n appears to b
Plumbing	how do you hook up laundry tub to washer drain? please help. i was wondering how you can tie in to the washer drain.  Please gi
Plumbing	Pool water level. Purchased a home with above grond pool. Last year at pool closing time... Lowered water below skimmer, discon
Plumbing	240 V 60Hz 3 wire Jacuzzi, want to wire through attic (California). Hello,  I am in the process of purchasing an outdoor jacuzz
Plumbing	Turkish Bath in London. I intend to build a traditional Turkish bath (like the ones in Istanbul) equiped with all the modern fa
Plumbing	Above ground pool with 4 inch hole in the steel wall.. I had a very small leak in my liner about just under the water line. Ove
Plumbing	toilet tank float not working. Both of my toilets are over-filling the tank causing continuous running water until you vigorous
Plumbing	I broke the cartridge puller screw inside of the cartridge stem how do i remove. I bought a home depot cartridge puller screw i
Plumbing	Drain Cleaner. Is there a drain cleaner liquid or powder which is environment friendly?
Plumbing	Leaves in Basin drain. We just moved out of a three level Townhouse in VA.  We used the basin in the basement maybe 5 times in 
Plumbing	why does water in my sink turn black. when we put dishes, utensils, and plastic containers in our sink and leave them for the n
Plumbing	Salt water pool - green algae. Salt water pool has green algae all over - what to do -
Plumbing	Can a 40 amp hot tub handle a 60 amp breaker. I am going to wire an older hot tub it is a sweetwater lx-15 model the control pa
Plumbing	pilot gas leak. I have a lochinvar radiant floor furnace that has an electric pilot light.  When the pilot and furnace is off, 
Plumbing	High and low water pressure. Hi, My water pressure in my house has recently changed, when I turn on the water whether hot or co
Plumbing	Hot tub heater element. How can I get a bad heater element out of a beachcomber hot tub. I need to replace it. Thanks
Plumbing	venting a basement grinder pump. I have a basement grinder pump on the lower level of a bi-level home.  It was installed after 
Plumbing	Help removing an old faucet's undersink nut. I have an older faucet.  Under the sink it is not held on with the normal nut.  
Plumbing	can you use a garbage disposal with a bamboo sink?. can I use a garbage disposal with a bamboo sink?
Plumbing	Suds overflow drainstack at end of rinse spin. We have a 16 year old Amana washing machine that is overflowing the drainstack a
Plumbing	hose air. i have one hose spicot that produces alot of air in the hose when in use I cannot tell where the air is coming from b
Plumbing	Toilet will no longer flush properly. installed a toilet in the basement and it worked fine for about two weeks.  Now toilet wi
Plumbing	Sewer line problem. My main sewer line was draining slow and would actually back up into my basement through the washing machin
Plumbing	My water heater draining job worries. In trying to drain my water heater, I was unable to get any water to drain out. So, I did
Plumbing	unlevel pool. I have a 24x52 steel above ground pool, we started to fill it and noticed that it is about 4 inches off on one si
Plumbing	How to wire a 2 speed Century AO Smith 1 HP spa pump. It is a BN81 1725/3250 with L1, L2, A, B white and brown wire connections
Plumbing	Cloudy pool not stabalizing.. Hello everyone.   I have a large in-ground pool  running on a sand filter. Recently (since its be
Plumbing	My tub stopper is located outside of my tub on the floor and it doesn't drain.. My tub stopper is located outside of my tub on 
Plumbing	plumber help. I heard a noise coming from the bathroom earlier then notice there was smelly brown water coming up from the bath
Plumbing	hot water in tub not working. everytime i turn my bath tub water to hot water it just shuts off this also happens in the shower
Plumbing	shower cartridge removal. I have a Moen shower.  I need to replace the cartridge, but I cannot get to the pin because a plastic
Plumbing	Spooks in the sink sprayer. I recently replace the sink sprayer head in our kitchen sink because it was old and leaking.   This
Plumbing	Pool liner appears to have dark mold on underside.. My pool liner has a very dark mold on the underside which shows through the
Plumbing	What toilet flange to use?. I am remodeling a bathroom in an old house. The floors are concrete, and right now there is just wh
Plumbing	what is S -Trap and P-Trap in a toilet. 
Plumbing	Plumbing toilet. My toilet clogs on flushing and now will not fill with water
Plumbing	focus temp pool heater. Hi, I own a focus temp 105 000 BTU heater for my inground pool.  The fan and the unit is operating.  Ho
Plumbing	Cal Spa 2001. I have a unit that I purchased in 2001 I have an option TURBO it is not working it lights up on the panel I hear 
Plumbing	i have well water. I have well water and the main pipe was leaking fixed that and now i have no water anywhere in my house
Plumbing	Toilet stopped up in basement. Basement toilet is blocked. I tried 6 foot auger 5 times and tried using a plunger a number of t
Plumbing	Above ground pool over natural gas line. Recomended depth for gas line is 18, I installed mine 26 to 28.....the gas line was
Plumbing	Dishwasher adapter. Where in the world can you get a dishwasher adapter that will fit model 852N-05004?
Plumbing	Repairing pool liners. We have two tares in each corner of our pool liner around 2 foot long. What is the best way to repair th
Plumbing	How To Troubleshoot A Cal Spa Temperature Heater?. Hello, I have a cal spa serial # 6988 model v500...It was working great...we
Plumbing	Cal spa heating issues?. Ok here is where I stand with this unit. I have 240 volts at the heating coils, pressure switch checks
Plumbing	Hot tub shorts breaker, wont start. Ok, this one is driving me crazy. I have a marquis sports series 500 spa. 6 years old.  We 
Plumbing	Semi inground pool. Does anyone know what a semi-inground pool is? I tried looking for pictures of it but could not find an app
Plumbing	Drain Problems. Hello,  I have a couple of issues going on. Let me start from the beginning.  I bought a house a little over a 
Plumbing	what's a good replacement pump and filter system. I just bought a used pool recently.  I found that the pump is damaged and the
Plumbing	Why am I getting pressure only but no water from the submersible well system?. Replaced pressure tank that blew out, replaced p
Plumbing	2004 Cal Spa 5000 turning itself off during heat up. I just bought a 2004 Cal Spa 5000 used. We had it wired by an electrician,
Plumbing	how to detect broken pipe in inground pool. When i charge pump and close lid and turn pump on i see water going throu pump bask
Plumbing	coast spas. I have a Coast Spas hot tub model XML40. I am trying to find the name of this individual spa and cant. I need the o
Plumbing	Draining hot tub. Is it okay to drain my hot tub when I am not using it for long periods of time?
Plumbing	Clogged drains. Hello,  I've had my sink, and tub, & basement drain all come back up when my washer is running. I've put chemic
Plumbing	How do I replace a skimmer gasket on a gunite pool. How do I replace the gasket on a skimmer in a gunite pool.
Plumbing	Need to retrieve a valuable earring from bathtub drain. Please help!  I dropped a valuable earring (post style)  down my bathtu
Plumbing	Wiring diagram Jacuzzi Vectra spa.. I recently acquired an 80's vintage Jacuzzi Vectra spa. The hi limit switch was diagnosed a
Plumbing	Shower Drain Removal. I am remodeling our old standup shower in the master bathroom. There was an old fiberglass shower pan tha
Plumbing	what is the commen on a 2 speed motor. what is the comen on a 2 speed motor
Plumbing	What are those pipes dripping?. Out of curiosity can anybody tell me what these 2 pipes outside of my house are for? They const
Plumbing	Slow flush in toilet?. Why does this happen? It barely flushes, if at all! It is an add on, in the master bedroom. Was done bef
Plumbing	Air release valve on my water well. It spit air when it was new and now water comes out all the time keeping my well running.Do
Plumbing	above floor p trap for clawfoot tub. i have a clawfoot tub on the second floor which has a above floor p trap, where do i buy a
Plumbing	plumbing. We want to put in another sink/cabinet in the bathroom....a small one.  OUrs is short, and the one I was thinking of 
Plumbing	interrupted flow. in the bathroom, while running water in the tub, the flow slowed from full to a trickle and then stopped.  I 
Plumbing	Blue stuff blocking toilet!. Hi! I live in an apartment and my toilet is repeatedly clogging the last couple of weeks. The supe
Plumbing	Moen handle falling off. I have a moen Monticello two handle bathroom faucet. The handles keep falling off. I've had it fixed o
Plumbing	Flutter valve vs. check valve. What is the difference between a flutter valve and check valve?  Is one more appropriate than an
Plumbing	Joining black steel to stainless: which dielectric union?. I am trying to connect black steel pipe to stainless steel pipe and 
Plumbing	water line. How much to run 100 feet of water line
Plumbing	Gas boiler replacement. I am looking to have a gas powered, forced hot water boiler installed in my home to replace an existing
Plumbing	Semi in ground pool purchase. I need to know the best construction for a semi in ground pool.  They say steel, galvanized sttel
Plumbing	Water behind a pool liner of an above ground pool. Hello, the liner in part of my pool is below the water level and thus water 
Plumbing	20 Year old 27' Above Ground Pool Suggestions. Last Year My wife and I were given a 27' above ground pool. This pool is at leas
Plumbing	hot water in the main shower. The hot water in the main shower has stopped coming through. There is hot water in the bathroom s
Plumbing	Plumbing Drain pipe leak. Plumber tells me my drain pipes in the slab are leaking...I see no evidence of this.  How do I know i
Plumbing	I have pulled my vinyl from my pool, cement underneath, can I plaster and then paint?. I can't affort to have my pool fixed, I 
Plumbing	Electric Water Heater - Water too hot. Recently, our water heater has been consistently 'tripping' the internal breaker on it's
Plumbing	Do exhaust pipes from bathrooms ever leak?. I have seen small water stains on the ceilings of my home.  Just above these stains
Plumbing	Electrical load for 600W hot tub blower. I have an inflatable hot tub with a 1000W heater, a 50W filter pump, and a 600W air bl
Plumbing	A spray-like leak on plastic tube water line to refrigerator. How do I fix it?. I heard a hissing noise and discovered a smal
Plumbing	AG pool: 3 uneven on one side. Anything that you can suggest, Help to level one side of 16 x 48  metal pool. It has 4 of wate
Plumbing	Drains backing up. Shower stall drain in basement is backing up, substance looks like dirt, will drain, but very slowly.  Sink 
Plumbing	Leaks discovered, need advice please.... Hello out there and thanks for reading this... I remodeled a bathroom in 2009 and I've
Plumbing	no suction in skimmer. I have inground pool and there is no suction in skimmer  .Any sugestions how to test if it is crack or c
Plumbing	Tie into existing 4 sewer line. Hello,  I will be installing a wet bar sink in basement and will be using an enclosed pump sys
Plumbing	pumptrol pressure switch. I am having problems with the Chlorinator not sending chlorine to the house. My unidose pump is worki
Plumbing	Replaceing a pool liner?. I have an above ground 24' pool.  The liner goes in a small slit and hooks on I believe.  I would rea
Plumbing	My water sample turns clear when I Check my PH and Chlorine. It took us 2 months to finally get our Green Pool to get clear. Bu
Plumbing	After back wash intake pressuse good 10 min later no good. After back washing pool filter return pressure is fine then 10 minut
Plumbing	Pinhole leak on Jacuzzi 250 sandfilter. I have a Jacuzzi 250 sand filter system for my inground pool (approx 10 years old). Yes
Plumbing	Dead Sea Salt for use in my salt water pool?. Hi, I am converting my swimming pool (25000 gallons of water) into a salt water p
Plumbing	Fold a spring float. I lost the instructions and simply cannot refold my swimways pool float. I know you twist it but it won't 
Plumbing	Fix a leak with intex pools?. Just set up intex metal above ground pool. Only put few inches of water and its leaking all aroun
Plumbing	home and garden. I have very low water pressure in my hot water faucett in my kitchen sink. A dishwasher is connected there too
Plumbing	above ground pool will not backwash. Our sand filter will not backwash...know why?
Plumbing	what else can i use on inground cement pool instead of coping temporarily. Just putting a permacrete pool--free form 22 x44.  w
Plumbing	Running new power to above ground pool. I need to get power to my above ground pool it is approx.100 feet from the elecrical pa
Plumbing	why would winter water level on above-ground pool drop. Why would winter water level on an above-ground pool drop 8 inches belo
Plumbing	chlorine level. im having a problem with chlorine level in my pool.  at first the salt was very high so i lowered the water lev
Plumbing	pool pump. The pvc part that connects to the top hole of my hayward super pump basket is leaking really bad causing bad suction
Plumbing	It's About a Muskin Sand Filter!. With in the past couple of weeks, I was given a whole pool with all the accesories that you c
Plumbing	Jet well pump. Can't get 1 hp jet pump to prime.  Ran well dry  two days ago well filled back up but can't get to prime.  Any a
Plumbing	Thermocouple question. Will a too long thermocouple cause the pilot to go out also??
Plumbing	Whining sound constantly from water softener unit. We moved into this house six months ago and love the water softener (though 
Plumbing	replacement fittings for olmos toilet fittings. i purchased a olmos push button toilet and now can't find fittings for inside t
Plumbing	how to get a stuck packing nut off copper water supply. i put in a new vanity, new faucet, the shut off valve leaks a tad  so i
Plumbing	shower drain. what is the code size for a shower drain.  If mine Is 1.5 and was installed when the house was built 40 years ag
Plumbing	Shower body splash is clogged. How do I remove the tile and what do I do after I get the tile off?   Two of the tiles work and 
Plumbing	Adding Shower To Existing Garden Tub!. I need some advice on how to add a shower to a beautiful existing garden tub we have in 
Plumbing	cal spa heater not working. Hi, I have a 2004ish used calspa.  the gfci tripped and keeps tripping.  I cleaned the wire termina
Plumbing	Electric Service to a Swimming Pool. I need to run a new line from my eletrical box to the swimming pool for a switchless pool 
Plumbing	while taking a shower my water level rising in my toilet. while taking a shower upstairs my water level rises in my downstairs 
Plumbing	Leak in toilet water tank, ie, rising level. Hi there  First question on here I fear we have a leak in the inner works of the t
Plumbing	perma tank pad 20. First Time Member: My Perma Tank PAD 20 Pressure gauge goes from 95 down to 20 PSI when we are using the wat
Plumbing	When we drain our tub our toilet bubbles and then we have a sewer smell. We had a block in our toilet back in February and once
Plumbing	the single handle from the GB shower is fixed and does not open or shut the water. A professional plummer installed a single ha
Plumbing	Will a Water Softner Remove Limescale Buildup in a Water Heater. Our water heater has limescale buildup and makes a very loud r
Plumbing	Cal spa heater. I have a 1999 cal spa just got it and got it up and running tonight.  The pump runs fine but the only time the 
Plumbing	sink lower than wall. PVC piping and a plastic pipe to wall were connected before but then water stopped flowing all of a sudde
Plumbing	Pool leaking after closed. I closed my pool and now I am noticing there is obviously a leak in the pool there is about 1 foot o
Plumbing	metallic taste of cold water. hi the cold water in my house can be a horrible taste. Very metalic tasting and the  water flow i
Plumbing	Find and repair hole in above ground pool liner. I have a leak in the liner of above ground pool. How do I  find and patch it?.
Plumbing	Watercomingdownwallsnowwaterbsckingupinshowerdrsin. Whyiswatercomingdownthewallsandnowwateriscomingupi  nshowerdrainwaterisnext
Plumbing	In-line air vents/plumbing. I have an in-line air vent under my kitchen sink.  I am having a problem with water draining slowly
Plumbing	Paid just approximately 35K for pool and liner has large gaps. I am unsure my pool was installed correctly.  First, I lost my d
Plumbing	Kitchen Faucet Removal. I know.. old question... i have a double kitchen sink... pf faucet with lever handle and pull out fauce
Plumbing	what causes water to puddle around my top-mounted kitchen sink. Washing dishes...a puddle of water follows the outline of the s
Plumbing	new water heater knocking. We have a new hot water heater just installed early summer....why would it be knocking?
Plumbing	replacing main line pipes. when drain pipes under the building are leaking do they need to be  replaced?   or  is there a mid w
Plumbing	Spa Cover Recommendations. Anyone have any recommendations for spa covers.  Good or bad experiences with specific models I shou
Plumbing	should coping be removed to replace an inground pool liner. I am in the process of getting my inground pool liner replaced by a
Plumbing	Dripping water from 2nd floor drain line. when i removed the trap from my 2nd floor bathroom sink, there is water dripping cons
Plumbing	Sewage backup in tub and shower.. Ok, we have a horrible problem! Looking for helpful advice  We have two bathrooms and they sh
Plumbing	45 degree elbows joined back to back. are they legal to make a long sweep 90. are back to back 45s legal i drainage situations 
Plumbing	Free pool plans. Can any body tell me where I can get free plans from please
Plumbing	Polaris wheel not working in the pool. Our 380 polaris' belt was broken. So we changed it. Now the belt is new and the wheels t
Plumbing	Pump or Timer Issue. Pool was buildt in 2001. Pump is Hayward 1HP Model # K8L2N105;  The time is T104R Intermatic 208-277 Volts
Plumbing	Just limestone. Putting in a new hot tub it is 92x92x40 dry weight is 1290 lb it holds 440 gal and the 6 people .I used 2x12
Plumbing	Reusing a 5 year old pool liner. We just bought a 27' round above ground pool that is five years old. We are wondering what the
Plumbing	Bubble under pool liner. I have an inground pool 18' X 32'.  It has a liner and a steel frame under it.  Sometime in the last f
Plumbing	Hot Tub pad. I am getting a hot tub. Can I use 8X16X4 inch solid concrete blocks for the pad?
Plumbing	Setting up a spa. We recently moved into a rental house that has an indoor spa- we know nothing about maintaining or setting up
Plumbing	toilet. My toilet won't flush all the way the flapper has been changed and the water filler I ran a snake down the toilet now i
Plumbing	What size  wire do I need to run?. This is for a 120v  hot tub. Do I need to use size 6, 8 or 10 gauge wire?
Plumbing	Inground pool loss of pressure. I have an 18 x 36 iniground pool.  My husband recently passed away due to cancer and I am attem
Plumbing	plastic toy clogged toilet. My daughter flushed a plastic bathtub from her mini doll set. Its probably 1 by 2  The toilet is 
Plumbing	dimension one spas plumbing diagram. I have a water leak in the pipes near the pump in my 2000 Dimension One hot tub. Where can
Plumbing	turn hot water back on. Water has been off in rental property for 6 months. Its well water not city. How do I turn it & the hot
Plumbing	What license do I need to clean pools?. What kind of license do I need to clean pools?
Plumbing	footprints in pool liner. We put in an above ground pool and waited 10 days and still put footprints in the bottom.  How can we
Plumbing	Business Licensing. Hi,  Are there any specific licenses that I need, other than a business license, to run a pool cleaning and
Plumbing	where to get my apprentice license. I need to b able to work as a training as a plumber
Plumbing	pool repairs. How to fix with out draining
Plumbing	Help!  Pool is leaking and it is winter!. This is our first winter with our 24 above ground pool.  We noticed a small hole (bec
Plumbing	How do I hook up a hot tub to an electrical panel. How do I wire it up, what amp breaker do I need,
Plumbing	Do I have to replace this line under the concrete floor?. After using a clean-out to access a clog with a snake, the fitting cr
Plumbing	Problem with LP Pool/Spa Heater. I have a Jandy Lite 2 Model LG LP gas heater (millivolt) that heats my spa.  Problem began whe
Plumbing	My Diamond Topaz Engagement Ring Was Dropped In The Sink!. About an hour ago I was washing my hands when my engagement ring wor
Plumbing	Digital Water Tester. Can anyone suggest a good digital water tester?  Looking for one for use with my hot tub.
Plumbing	Low water pressure from a well. Recently moved and the water pressure is very low.  What could be the cause?
Plumbing	Bathtub faucet. After a few minutes the hot water stops flowing when the faucet is turned on. A new faucet was installed a few 
Plumbing	why does cold water trickle in all faucets. The cold water trickles in all of the house faucets.  The hot water has good pressu
Plumbing	Why is my neutral wire hot in my spa. We tried to connect our spa and found the neutral wire is hot,we have a certified license
Plumbing	I need a wiring diagram for a mdt 8 pool timer?. I need a wiring diagram for a mtd8 pool timer, my challenge is actually connec
Plumbing	How do you shut off the korky pool autofill. My pool keeps overfilling and I've adjusted the float but it keeps running 24 hour
Plumbing	sundance sweetwater hottub problem --08 controls wont work. the controls on my hottub will not operate.  I can not press down -
Plumbing	how deep can you use pvc pipe in a well. My current well  pump is set at 400' and it goes dry in summer, with a small pressure 
Plumbing	Moen: water always coming from shower head when faucet is on.. Hi, I just installed a moen l82839 shower/tub assembly. The prob
Plumbing	Broken Kitchen Drain under house. The black ABS drain pipe under the house broke. There is a big pile of nasty food rotting on 
Plumbing	Kitchen sink sprayer fell apart, need to reassemble. I bought a new sprayer for my sink in the kitchen. All the insides came ou
Plumbing	Shower drain leaking above tub drain. This is a molded tub/shower unit. I have opened a hole under  the unit an can see some we
Plumbing	How to set timer on in ground pool filter. I have a timer on my pool.  How do I set it so it comes on at a certain time and goe
Plumbing	what size of pipe does a drain line needs for a washer machine. commerical washer has a 3in pipe on it connecting to a 1in drai
Plumbing	shower trap diagram with low clearance. I'm installing a corner shower in an apartment with concrete floors. I can not break up
Plumbing	Losing ground under above ground pool. Because of the extreme amout of snow and rain we had this year, the bottem of our pool i
Plumbing	Just replaced outside GFI for swimming pool pump. Keeps tripping. Do you think it ma. I just replaced a outside GFI for pool pu
Plumbing	Pool pressure increase. I've got a problem with my in ground pool filter and pump pressure.  I changed the sand last fall. This
Plumbing	Level dirt ,or just put sand. Do I need to level the dirt or can I just put sand down to level the ground?
Plumbing	Above ground pool temp. I have an above ground pool. I live in the deseret, and the pool water is getting very hot. What is the
Plumbing	squeaking flush. Whenever I flush, I hear a loud squeak.  It sounds like metal hitting metal.  What could it be?
Plumbing	Pittsburgh trap?. Hey all, do they still install a Pittsburgh trap when they are running sewer lines in Pennsylvania??
Plumbing	toilet not flushing. sometimes my toilet doesn't flush all the way or the water comes up all the way to the top.  other times t
Plumbing	Mixet shower valve installation. Hello, I replaced the mixet 4 1/2 stem valve ,Its not wanting to work properly and in the ins
Plumbing	unused washer vent pipe - can it be removed?. I have an older house (1952) that had W/D connections in the garage.  Before I bo
Plumbing	Does drain cleaner really dissolve hair and grease from bathroom drain?. HI, Went to home depot yesterday and found various che
Plumbing	Mystery pipe.... I'm trying to figure out what a pipe is for coming up out of the concrete floor in basement. It goes up to fir
Plumbing	tub overflow on a vintage clawfoot!. I need a connection for an overflow valve on an old clawfoot tub.  I have a british lever 
Plumbing	Need a part for a glacier bay faucet. First glacierbayfaucet.com does not work, it takes you to the Home Depot website (which d
Plumbing	washer and dryer in kitchen drain overflow. I live in one of those old ranch houses where the washer/dryer are in the kitchen. 
Plumbing	toilet slow. toilet taking a long time to refill. water slowly spraying out filling valve. Please have you got any suggestions 
Plumbing	What's the most economical way to deconstruct an inground pool. We have a 25 year old inground pool that's in need of some exte
Plumbing	Unlevel Pool Ground. We just put up at 18X48 pool and now that it is almost full with water you can see one side is lower than 
Plumbing	Pool heater wont heat. I have a 6-8 year old Hayward H150 pool heater. The pilot light will light but the heater won't kick in.
Plumbing	Wall hung toilet. I had my bathroom refitted one year ago and has a wall hung toilet, 2 local plumbers have been in as the toil
Plumbing	Well water stopped working suddenly. Hi there! Not sure what happened, but this isn't good!  One minute my kids were brushing t
Plumbing	Decrease in amount of hot water. I have a 17 year old 40 gallon electric water heater. I don't use a dishwasher and almost all 
Plumbing	The pool blues. I have an 18 foot above ground pool. It was bought brand new last year but when we went to put it up we ended u
Plumbing	Hot tub  trips breaker. Hot tub trips breaker after running for a while, but it doesn't do it all the time:
Plumbing	can a normal water pump be used in a hot water system?. i need to install a pump on my hot water system and i was wondering wat
Plumbing	How can I level my yard for a 16' x 48 round intex ultra frame pool?. I have a 16' x 48 round intex ultra frame pool.  It see
Plumbing	Slip-on Tub Spout - Can't access set screw. I have been reading the posts about removing the different types of spouts.  Mine i
Plumbing	Lack of hot water in one bath. We have 3.5 baths. Water heats up in every faucet/shower/tub except for tub/shower in guest bath
Plumbing	Toilet tank doesn't refill. no water in tank make it flush. My toilet was working properly before tonight.   There was no slow 
Plumbing	lawsuit mobile home pipes. hi i have a 1987 mobille home ,and for years i have been fighting to keep water in my home, and i ha
Plumbing	In ground pool ground water?. We have a compass inground swimming pool and I can't find the instruction on how to pump out the 
Plumbing	Regarding 1997 Cal spa heating. Hi Chaosmaster1, Thanks for your answer. The only error code is the flashing Flo, but I think i
Plumbing	My Coast spa is not maintaining the set temperature.  Any suggestions. Bought used tub, replaced heater, sensor and Pac. temper
Plumbing	Secondary heat source for outdoor spa. i have an outdoor wood boiler. (central boiler) i want to hook my 2003 cal spa 5000 seri
Plumbing	low water pressure. I have lo pressure for my hot water in my master bathroom shower and kitchen faucet, everywhere else is fin
Plumbing	Bad odor. We've been living in this house for about three months now.  There is a bad odor that fills the air in all 3 apartmen
Plumbing	How to repair a rip steel wall on above ground pools. I am looking to purcahse a used pool with a small rip on the bottom of th
Plumbing	What does anti siphon do to the pool should be opend or closed. What dose anti siphone do to the pool water level shall I lower
Plumbing	Above ground pool stair adjustment/fitting. Hi All,     First time user. Trying to find out if anyone could describe how or sen
Plumbing	For an Above Ground Pool, can I run UF-b 12-2 wire in Schedule 40 Conduit?. I'm running underground wiring from my house about 
Plumbing	Swimming pool power. To extend electric power outside from atic or basement, can I use a junction box with GFCI Outlet in it th
Plumbing	50 Amp gfci breaker how to measure total amps. I measure the amps on the 50 amp breaker the black wire measures 23.5 and the re
Plumbing	Hot tub balboa 2000 le m7. Hi All, HELP!  Balboa 2000 le m7 I have an elite hot tub fair few years old but was running perfect 
Plumbing	What kind of timer (intermatic?) could I use on a 240 volt 6000watt sauna heater? The. Old timer was 28 amp.
Plumbing	Need help wiring an AO smith 2 1/2hp two speed pump motor.. 4 wires coming down from two speed switch, 1-green, 2-black, 1 red.
Plumbing	We have a 2 water level difference in our above ground pool, what can we do?. Just a quick question.
Plumbing	Gas under liner. I have gas under the lining of my in ground pool. It fills up every time it rains. It is not water. It is gas.
Plumbing	My toilet tank won't fill up. When I flush my toilet the tank takes forever to refill, sometimes 30 minutes or longer. I replac
Plumbing	Hot tub disconnect location. Location of the disconnect from the spa
Plumbing	mop sink. Hello, and thanks in advance for all of your helpful advice. I am an inexperienced plumber ( in advance of my termino
Plumbing	how do i close a pool. 
Plumbing	Pressure switch adjustment has no effect.. Hi guys.  I live in the country and I  have a deep well with a submerged pump. This 
Plumbing	Pool deck cracks. I want to stain my unpainted/stained concrete pool deck.  There are several minor cracks that need to be repa
Plumbing	Unlevel pool. I have an above ground pool A sterns South sea... It is full.... On one corner the lvel is out about 2.5 inch... 
Plumbing	Sandy build up on hot tub surface where water is present. I have a sandy build up on the hot tub surface where there is water? 
Plumbing	hot springs grandee plumbing diagram. i have a slow leak  showing up from under the 2000 grandee hot tub my best idea is it's t
Plumbing	Above ground pool heater, water temp ?. We have a 2 year old Minimax Heater by Pentair. Last year the water coming from the hea
Plumbing	what would cause water to seep up thru your carpet. I noticed a couple of nights ago after it had rained that there was a wet s
Plumbing	Intermatic P1353  3-Circuit Timer. I am replacing my old Intermatic mechanical time clocks with the digital P1352 Timer.  It ha
Plumbing	Above ground pool filtration. Hello, I was wondering if a idea I have would be worth the effort. I have 2 sand filters, one in 
Plumbing	Above ground Pools. Instructions for 18x32 oval Muskin above ground Pool
Plumbing	how to install a washer drain above the washer. How do I tie into the existing drain pipe above my washer?  currently the drain
Plumbing	How to fix grooves in the floor of my above ground pool. We have a 24 foot round pool that has washed out sand and left big gro
Plumbing	How do you remove a custom above ground pool?. I have an oval 15 x 30 above ground pool.  It is custom in that it goes from 4 f
Plumbing	Sink draining slow after studer mini-vent placed under sink.. Our double sink stopped draining.  We called a plumber he came ou
Plumbing	Pool flooded from storms. I live in atlanta, and this week my pool was about 3 feet under water from a creek behind my house. I
Plumbing	How do you reset the fvs on a richmond powervent. I did some painting in my basement and some fumes got close to the water heat
Plumbing	Floor drain question. I have a drain in my basement floor. When I am doing laundry sometimes I notice I hear a bubbling sound, 
Plumbing	Pool chemicals. Is there a difference between calcium hypochlorite tablets and chlorine tablets
Plumbing	Timer and power. When 15 yr old pool pump motor died (?) I ordered a brand new motor. Installed the new motor. Only electrical 
Plumbing	How do I replace a tub/shower faucet?. About 2 mos ago, I had a plumber come out and replace the valve in my tub/shower. He als
Plumbing	Kitchen sink/toilet. Everytime I flush my toilet my kitchen sink fills up. Why is this happening?
Plumbing	New noise coming from toilet tank when we flush. So I looked inside, and bubbles are being released around the base of the fill
Plumbing	Toilet won't stop running.. My toilet continues to run and has been going on for a few hours. I turned off the water with the s
Plumbing	Install a P Trap. I purchased a bath room vanity from IKEA that has limited space for installing piping including a P trap! I d
Plumbing	Stormwater. Is it ok for water to sit in your stormwater pipe? It's PVC and has primed and glued joins and flows to street when
Plumbing	Well water running light brown. Running cold water for 15 min. helped a little.. All my taps are running light brown.  I have w
Plumbing	I do not use my dishwasher every day sometimes it stanks like sewer  what can i do?. I do not use my dishwasher every day somet
Plumbing	pump problems. I have two 1550 gal tanks that are plumbed together to feed my house with 3/4 inch line. A check valve is instal
Plumbing	Clogged Dr5ains. I have a plugged double sink in the kitchen. I took apart all the piping underneath and checked each piece, th
Plumbing	12 hp Briggs and stratton won't start. I have a craftsman lawn tractor that was given to me when I got it it wouldn't run so I 
Plumbing	Hot Tub Foundation Deck structure?. I expect delivery of new hot tub. I have in place a 6 inch thick concrete reinforced pad wh
Plumbing	Bathroom sink turned into a fountain. My boyfriend went to fix the little plate that says hot and cold on our bathroom sink as 
Plumbing	well pump won't stay on. weel pump has both green and red tripp light going on- what could be the problem?
Plumbing	220v hot tub switch not working.. 220V HOT TUB SWITCH NOT WORKING.I replaced the  220v Diehl timer switch and the timer still d
Plumbing	How do you ground a jacuzzi?. I have a used Ester Williams jacuzzi and some of the wires were cut. Three 6 gauge black wires an
Plumbing	Pool pump wiring. I've a 220 V, singele phase, 1 HP pool pump with recommended 14 wire size. The wire bundle contains blank, wh
Plumbing	water leak from shower control panel. Went on holiday in Feb and turned off stopcock. When away Yorkshire water did work along 
Plumbing	pump starts running the second the water is turned on. The very second the taps at home are turned on the pump instantly starts
Plumbing	I have a 50 amp GFI which trips infrequent - once a week or greater. [i] have a 50 amp GFI (about three years old) which trips 
Plumbing	Hole in index brim. Its so small I can't find it but it deflats over night wich makes the water leek out will food coloring wor
Plumbing	I have an old in-ground vinyl pool (rectangle 16x32.) Old style vinyl coping needs re. The coping sits on top and covers the 2x
Plumbing	what to do if our above ground pool wall is buckling?. We recently bought a used pool and on one side a small part of the wall 
Plumbing	sider proof. looking for info on sider proof for re-plastering my pool - is it a good choice and does it last etc....
Plumbing	Pool size. Which is bigger 33' round pool, 52 deep or 21x43oval 52deep
Plumbing	2 year hole in ring of intex pool ring. Fixed past year with patch only...this year patch cracked after a few days...tried to r
Plumbing	Above Ground Bottom Track Replacement. Can anyone tell me Where to get a new bottom track replacement set for my above ground p
Plumbing	Can I put sea water from the ocean in my swimming pool?. can I put real ocean seawater in my pool?
Plumbing	splash spa A5500 wiring to 249 volts. we were given SPLASH SPA A 5500 to heat an above ground pool, we have 120 volts to oper
Plumbing	Troubles with setting my easy to set best-way 12ft inflatable pool!.. Hi, I just recently brought a 12ft 336cm pool, I'm having
Plumbing	How to level ground for a pool?. What is the easiest way to level the ground in preparation for putting up a rectangular pool?
Plumbing	defective hit water unit. I have an instant hot water system  made by Eternal Of Canada.   The unit is two yrs old and is defec
Plumbing	Hole in Intex pool, how to detect. I have an 18'x48 Intex metal frame pool.  I am losing 300-400 gallons of water per day due 
Plumbing	New capacitor have to have the little resistor from prong to prong in order to work?. When it was winter the problem of our pum
Plumbing	Sewer trap cap. I just had a flood in my basement after a very heavy rainfall. The water is coming in where my sewer line comes
Plumbing	my hot water tank inducer blower is stuck on.  What should I do. My hot water tank inducer blower is stuck on.  What should I d
Plumbing	Thumping noise when water off. We are in a new home we had built just over a year ago.  We have a thumping noise whether water 
Plumbing	soil drain line as vent. I have a 3 soil drain line coming from a WC which is just in front of the main vent stack, also 3. C
Plumbing	Why winterizing chemicals?. Have a 30k gallon inground and wondering why winterizing kits /chemicals are recommended before  co
Plumbing	Pool. My pool has to come down because it is not level, what do I do with the liner, the pool never had chemicals added to it, 
Plumbing	install gas line to replace electric cook top. hi, my name is Ohbah and I hate my electric cook top stove. Only 2 burners work 
Plumbing	no drain valve on my water heater. I have a Jackson water heater and I need to replace the element but there is drain valve so 
Plumbing	New expanded liner. I have a 18x36 doughboy with a Hung Beaded Liner I would like to know if I can switch this out to a expan
Plumbing	Old bathtub spout will not come off. I have a 27 year old spout that is corroded and needs replacing. It has a set screw on the
Plumbing	No hot or cold water in shower...had no hot water two weeks ago. >Threads Merged<  two weeks ago we had no hot water in our ups
Plumbing	can you use stabaliser in a pool plumbed with copper pipe. Can you please tell me i have a pool with plumbing in cooper pipe. I
Plumbing	Leveling the ground with mulch for above ground pool. I was wondering if I could use mulch to level the ground for my above gro
Plumbing	garbage disposal leak. My garbage disposal is leaking from the body of the disposal, around the area where the grind ring is 
Plumbing	What size wire do I use to run to pool pump. Hi, What size and type of wire do I need to run from the electrical panel to the p
Plumbing	Above ground pool propane heaters. I want to buy a propane gas pool heater for an above ground 18'x33' pool. I like my temperat
Plumbing	How do I wire a 230volt pool pump with gfci protection. I wan't to install a 230volt pool pump for my swimming pool and first o
Plumbing	Does anyone know of a person who can install an above ground pool in Kingston, TN?. I have a used 24ft pool that was given to u
Plumbing	Rust on wall of above ground pools. I have an 18 foot above ground Dough Boy Pool.  It is approximately 16 years old.  It is in
Plumbing	How do I safely clean out a clogged skimmer in my inground pool?. Hello, We added chemicals to our pool, as instructed from the
Plumbing	How to level a swimming pool. I need help with my above ground pool. I ti all set up and I had it halfway full and the wall cam
Plumbing	Electrical wire size for spa. Hello,   I am wiring up my spa and looking at what info I have (GE / Cutler Hammer) they say for 
Plumbing	Why do I have a brown ring around my hot tub, and what can I use to get rid of it.. Why do I have a brown ring aound my hot tub
Plumbing	Need to hook 3 wires to capacitor on 3/4 a.o.smith pool booster pump 2 yel 1wht. Capicator wire diagram on 3/4 ao smith pool bo
Plumbing	Above ground pool sections. The skimmer section of my above ground pool is badly rusted. Can you purchase this section separate
Plumbing	Above ground oval pools. I have a new oval above ground pool. I put it up myself and when I put water in it the bottom of the p
Plumbing	Noise in Wall. I have something similar happening.  My home is only 18 months old.  The upstairs bathroom has a double sink, bu
Plumbing	Glacier Bay shower faucet. Where do I find the cartridge replacement for a glacier bay shower faucet model number F1AA4217BNV?
Plumbing	Self wash tubs for dog wash. Trying to set the water at one temp so clients don't have to mess with setting the water. We have 
Plumbing	Above ground pool wall rusted through. I have an above ground 10 year old pool. The liner was replaced for the first time two y
Plumbing	water system. pressure tank quickly loses pressure.  It drop from 60psi to 40psi in about 30 seconds.  The pump kick on for abo
Plumbing	hot tub. a pump on my hottub got hooked up wrong with the power going to the common plug now nuting but the light an control wo
Plumbing	Getting the right color from your pool liner. Me and my wife would like to know how do we pick the right pool liner that would 
Plumbing	how to find the water supply shut off for the bathtub in my mobilehome. I have a problem with one of my bathtubs faucets. It se
Plumbing	rheem gas hot water heater. I have A Rheem  hot water heater 40 gal. Propane. I can't get the pilot light to light.Its less tha
Plumbing	water line clogged. I recently had a new hot water heater installed in a rental property.  Now the water flows slowly out of th
Plumbing	toilet tank will not fill up. after flushing toilet the tank didn't fill back up (last night). As I was running my bath this mo
Plumbing	sump is not receiving water from all areas?. My sump has 4 holes where water pours in from the area surrounding the house. Afte
Plumbing	Above Ground Pool too hot. I have had this problem for two years now. When it's hot outside, my pool feels like bath water. Is 
Plumbing	Well pump wont shut off and only low pressure. A couple of months ago i had to replace my well pressure tank,pressure switch an
Plumbing	ask plumbing question. Hi! I recntly bought a washing machine, i noticed that the inlet screw on machine hose is bigger(33mm) t
Plumbing	Hot tub not heating. I have a Cal Spa Model # 05-5M-CA-31 that is not heating. The display on the control pad shows the water t
Plumbing	Picture diagram of double sink plumbing with garbage disposal. I would like a picture diagram of an efficient twin sink basin a
Plumbing	repair sagging above ground pool liner. How can I repair a sagging above ground pool liner?
Plumbing	Skimmer faceplate leak. I have a very old inground spa.  The faceplate around the skimmer was leaking quite badly, some due to 
Plumbing	Vinyl pool liner. Can I paint the bottom of my above ground vynle pool liner
Plumbing	Pool top rail replacement parts. Where can I find replacement parts for atop rail of an above ground swimming pool 12x24 oval
Plumbing	How do you install new liner in above ground pool?. How do you install new liner in above ground pool?
Plumbing	pool pump  filter  clamp won't fit!. Ok,  I cleaned out my grids on my pool filter.  When I want to put the filter back  togeth
Plumbing	Pool covers/dance floors. Hey guys! My sister is having her 11th birthday party and we want to make it real special since mine 
Plumbing	Fiberglass pools. I live in Cherry hill new jersey. I am currently considering getting a fiberglass pool and was sightly discou
Plumbing	Water coming from pool light J-box. Hello - I have a 2 year old in ground swimming pool with a thermocraft pool light junction 
Plumbing	How do I lay tiles round a curve. I am away to tile my swimming pool hall floor and has any got an idea how to finish off aroun
Plumbing	Stains on glass windows and doors. The pool sweep in my pool has frequently sprayed water onto my windows and glass sliding doo
Plumbing	gurgling plumbing pipes. my  wash basin and shower are situated next to each other. When the water drains from the wash basin i
Plumbing	Pool vaccuum hose cuff. Anyone know how to replace cracked pool vacuum hose cuff?  I don't easily see how to get the old ones o
Plumbing	Water Meter Malfunction. Help!  Our private water company says we used 240,000 gallons of water in 30 days.  We live in Phoenix
Plumbing	Dripping. Just installed a pfisterfaucets Glenfield model #F-036-4GF one month ago. Now it's dripping constantly from the fauce
Plumbing	bathroom sink. My bathroom sink faucets leaks water and the knobs turn completly and water still drips
Plumbing	are there 17 foot plates on a 24ft muskin pool. I have a 24ft muskin pool can you tell me how many foot plates are there to ass
Plumbing	does high water level in pool effect skimmer suction. Help!        after several heavy rainstorms, I noticed small bugs on the 
Plumbing	Pool Filter Maintanence..??.... We have a 24ft. Above Ground Pool, Centre Drain..With an unseasonably warm start to the season 
Plumbing	I have a Hayward heater for In-ground swimming pool that is giving me a faulty code. I have a Hayward heater for In-ground pool
Plumbing	Unlevel pool. I just filled my pool up and it unlevel 2in on one side and 3 on the other its in the same spot from last year an
Plumbing	korky 528  pool levelers. What is the best Korky for the pool?
Plumbing	skimmer gasket. How far do I have to lower pool water level to replace skimmer gasket? Can I caulk the gasket when I install ne
Plumbing	my 2003 cal spa 5000 will not power on. I have a 2003 cal spa cs5000. I got it used. It worked just fine before we moved it to 
Plumbing	MOEN kitchen faucet shuts off by itself. I have a single handle MOEN kitchen faucet.  It was leaking from the base when it was 
Plumbing	Pressure reducing valve placement. I live just shy of 1/4 mile from my county water meter.  I need to put a prv on the line.  w
Plumbing	Increase water pressure from a well. Hello again, this is my third trip here, and both previous sessions were very helpful.  I'
Plumbing	no h or c water to new bathroom. I built a new bathroom and have tested the water supply about 2 months ago, but never used the
Plumbing	Tub faucet still runs when shower turned on. It's a standard Delta single knob shower faucet with a stem diverter. I've replace
Plumbing	How can I remove a stuck non-threaded plastic nipple for bathtub faucet?. A contractor left my bathroom remodel job (after inst
Plumbing	Installing water line for coke machine from existing laundry room waterline. Hello all,  First time poster here...  What I'm wa
Plumbing	Sewer gas smell under bathroom sink in a Park Model with undersink venting. I have a seasonal park model and I have a sewer gas
Plumbing	price per foot for 6 water line. Whats the average price per foot to dig, install and cover up a 6 waterline in Alabama ? Tha
Plumbing	Green/brown water. I'm trying to get my crystal clear water back and after this weekend the color tonight is green/brown. I hav
Plumbing	Estimated cost of this work?. Dig small trench roughly 700mm deep. Remove piece of lead piping and replace with new section. Tu
Plumbing	How to Calculate Amp draw of pool pump and electric heater. 1.5 killowatt electric heater and 1hp 115v electric motor.  Can bot
Plumbing	Creaking sink. I have a double, undermount stainless steel sink attached to a granite countertop. The smaller side of the sink 
Plumbing	How to remove stuck valve stem from shower faucet. I have followed instructions for disassembling the faucet in order to repl
Plumbing	State Select Water Heater. Why does the pilot just go on for a few minutes and then goes out?
Plumbing	Smell from overflow hole in sink. My sink has a smell that appears every time the water runs. I have traced it to the overflow 
Plumbing	Which brands of mixers and taps are the best quality?. Completely baffled by the choice of mixers and taps on the market - I'd 
Plumbing	Water droplets under kitchen sink. I have been noticing some kind of smell in my kitchen for some days now and have tried to fi
Plumbing	rain soft water softener. It Generated But It Still Running. Not Sure why
Plumbing	can't get the screw to back out to get the handle off. can't get the screw to back out to get the handle off
Plumbing	Hot tub. I am leveling an eare that slopes in 2 directions .I want to level with crushed stone and compact to a string level th
Plumbing	Thrown Circuit Breakers. Getting 240 volts to Whirlpool, two element water heater.  No terminals have continuity to ground.  Up
Plumbing	2 story plumbing. i am building a two story home. i cannot get in contact with my plumber so i thought id as here.  I have pvc 
Plumbing	how do i unstop a pipe outside from shower and washing machine. when you take a shower or wash clothes the water backs up outsi
Plumbing	I am replacing a 1995 sink with overflow with a sink with no overflow. Is the a change I need to make in the plumbing in the ba
Plumbing	Weighing down above ground pool steps. I'm wondering if anyone can share ideas on how to weigh down my in pool step assembly? L
Plumbing	I have a comfortmake and the pipe coming from it that's in the wall is leaking...why?. I have a comfortmake and the pipe coming
Plumbing	I need to splice into a PVC DWV line -- But no room!. OK, I'm stumped.  I recently changed out the sink and garbage disposal in
Plumbing	Intermatic T104P3 pool timer clock not working.. This timer is about 11 years old and has worked perfectly until now.  The cloc
Plumbing	Chlorinated pool stays cloudy, tried algie and more chlorine. Chlorinated pool stays cloudy regardless of adding algie treatmen
Plumbing	Intermatic p1353me protection. Hello,  I recently installed an Intermatic P1253me Timer and was told by my local pool store tha
Plumbing	Repainting an inground pool. What type of paint do you use to paint an inground pool.
Plumbing	Replacing toilet hose with no way to disconnect at the wall. I have a water box which stores all the shutoff valves. My toilet 
Plumbing	No water in house for 2 days now?. Greeting all,     I've been without water for two days now, and need some help.. My wife was
Plumbing	Pool pump timer for two speed pool pump. Can you use the Intermatic T106R switch to control a two speed 220v motor?
Plumbing	Best foundation for outside spa. Need a cost effective foundation for our new spa. Concrete (expensive) shell, pavers, extend t
Plumbing	Upstairs toilet needs flushing more than once. Please I'm looking for advice as to why my toilet doesn't flush fully on first a
Plumbing	Cleaning a pool. How can you clean the sides of an inground pool
Plumbing	Hayward super pump. Just opened my pool, tried to turn on filter but all I get is a buzzing sound for about 7 seconds and then 
Plumbing	What to do if your pool is leaking and it's winter time?. My pool is leaking from some leaks that were repaired in the summer b
Plumbing	I have a 2003 cal spa with no heat. It is a 5000 series controller with an xl heater.. I have 120 volts at both lugs of the hea
Plumbing	Wiring Pool Pumps. I am reinstalling a 230/115 volt 1/2 hp pool pump.  What is confusing me is this.  The circuit breaker is a 
Plumbing	Cal spa whisper 5000 heater. I have a calspa whith a whisper 5000 it will not heat up past 89 is there two stages of the heater
Plumbing	14-2 wire on a 20 amp circuit for hot tub. So I foolishly ran a dedicated 15 amp circuit to my hot tub using 14-2 wire.  Worked
Plumbing	Shower low pressure. Howdy, I'm getting low pressure from my shower, we have a Kohler K-670-ks valve body(see link).  http://ww
Plumbing	petrol spill on grass. A fuel line has spilt from my fuel tank in my ute and about 50 litres of petrol has gone on the grass an
Plumbing	Liner badly coming away from coping. I have an inground pool and I replaced the liner myself about 10 years ago.  The liner is 
Plumbing	Toilet Tank Fills Up With Too Much Water. The tank of my toilet fills up with too much water then leaks out.  I do not know muc
Plumbing	Loosing water pressure in 2 handle shower. I have a stand up shower in the master bath room which has 2 handles (hot and cold).
Plumbing	Can I paint The top rail of my soft sided vinyl pool. Hi, I have a (Chois) softsided vinyl pool. The top rail of the pool is wh
Plumbing	Evident air or gas buildup under above-ground pool cover. About two weeks ago, when I closed my 15 x 30 above-ground pool, I di
Plumbing	How to level my above ground pool already up. Can I level my pool 2 inches up if I drain the water down
Plumbing	Pump Wiring. How do you wire a Pentair 110V/220V 1HP pump to 110V?  The diagram indicates connecting to BROWN at the top and L2
Plumbing	Pool Coping Residue. We just built a pool and the coping has a white power residue on it.  Is this normal?
Plumbing	Above ground with leak around return or skimmer. I have a leak in my 24 ft round above ground. It is apparently around the skim
Plumbing	Sand bottom pool floor. Should the floor of my sand bottom pool be smooth?
Plumbing	Pool deconstruction. How do I find someone to deconstruct my above ground pool.
Plumbing	Sand in pool. I have an above ground pool with a 1 1/2 hp pump. I have replaced the laterals,replaced with new sand,installed a
Plumbing	License to clean pools?. Thinking about opening a business to clean pools.  Is there a license needed to do business?  How do I
Plumbing	Pump 1 low speed not working. I have a coast spa model#3E2270 with 7hp 230 volt motor, motor hums and shuts off on over load in
Plumbing	Quiet Pump. Hi there, I am in need of a quiet 3/4 HP pool pump. Please, recommend brand, model.   Have 18K gln pool, pool equip
Plumbing	Shrunk Liner. We just recently bough a house wih a pool that was more like a pond with ducks and frogs living in it. Well inste
Plumbing	Cable get warm. I recently had a 15kw heater added to my pool, unfortunately I am unable to use this as the armoured cable gets
Plumbing	plumbing stack. What is the acceptible distance to the vent stack?
Plumbing	Flapper. We have placed four new flappers on the toilet. Then replaced a new flush, flapper valve system.  The flapper continue
Plumbing	I want to lay sod, but I need some help or information on preparing the ground.. I want to lay sod, but I need some help or inf
Plumbing	plumbing. I noticed the water was dripping on my bathroom faucet...realizing it needs a washer....holding off getting someone t
Plumbing	How to unlock temp setting on a hot tub. I have a elite spa 7500 and can't get the temp setting to unlock.I have done everythin
Plumbing	Pump runs 10 seconds and shuts off. Pool pump runs 10 seconds shuts off and comes on a few minutes later and the samething runs
Plumbing	Bleach wash through an Iron Curtain Well Water Flush. Well water coming in through an Iron Curtain, with sulfur bacteria. Bleac
Plumbing	Tub leak only when taking bath. Call a plumber and he replaced a gasket behind the overflow. He even open the access panel to t
Plumbing	Hot tub electrical help. I have a Master Spa. Current configutation: 60amp breaker in main panel dedicated for pool/spa. 50amp 
Plumbing	Roof drain leaking inside house. I have a flat roof on the back of my house.Every time it gets cold(below 20degrees) I have bee
Plumbing	Water Pressure. We have a 2400 sq foot house and our upstairs water presssure appears to be a bit low.  The city water pressure
Plumbing	Static electricity in swiming pool during a storm. The pool is closed for winter,a severe storm hit. The wind was blowing and t
Plumbing	Hot tub folliculitis. How do you clean your hot tub when you have had this bacteria (folliculitis)in it. Its the middle of wint
Plumbing	Ground water behind liner?. I am having an issue with our pool.  We purchased a foreclosed property with this pool, I had a poo
Plumbing	new sink doesn't drain right. Hello. My fiance had a new bathroom sink put in. It is a glass bowel vessel sink that sits on a g
Plumbing	Clogged up sewer line???. Yes we moved into our home a little over a year ago and we have been having trouble with a back up co
Plumbing	running water. I changed the pressure release valve because it was bad it was letting water pass thru.turned main water back on
Plumbing	Clogged vent stack pipe?. I have a very, very slow kitchen drain. I have replaced all the pvc piping between the sink and the d
Plumbing	Do I HAVE to Dig and Bypass my Grease Trap?. Our brick ranch house in the Denver area was built in 1952, and until recently we 
Plumbing	Rv park help in texas. Opening 20 spot rv park in county...no city water or sewer...how many sewer tanks needed we live in texa
Plumbing	ask plumber questions and get answers totally free. my bathrooms are back to back the toilet in master bedroom is clogged and w
Plumbing	How do i increase shower pressure. I am trying to increase the shower pressure in shower blocks and dont want to have to fix pi
Plumbing	Bath tub. I need to know for the underground inspection, what all needs to be plumbed for a bath tub?  Is it just the vent to d
Plumbing	shutting off cold water. When I shut off the cold water intake to the hot water tank, cold water started flowing from my bathro
Plumbing	Water running sound from hot water heater. I hear water running sounds from my hot water heater in the pressure release valve l
Plumbing	mobile home walk in tub. Hi!  I am looking for a walk-in bathtub for my elderly mother.  She lives in a mobile home.  Do you ca
Plumbing	Toilet runs momentarily between flushes. Why does my new American standard Cadet 3 low water toilet run momentarily between f
Plumbing	No cold water from cold water tap in bathroom. I had no cold water from the cold water tap in the bathroom and the toilet was n
Plumbing	Cutting into Main Line Cast Iron.... I will be installing a full bathroom in the basement, and cutting up concrete to install p
Plumbing	Leaking Wastewater. Dear Person  I have recently experienced some issues in our two and a half year old septic tank / leach dra
Plumbing	low water pressure in toilets. All my toilets in my newly bought house seem to get clogged. About once a week. It's very annoyi
Plumbing	How do I relevel a pool. I have a 24 foot above ground pool and two of the sides have dropped (they post appear to be sitting o
Plumbing	iron sewer pipes. how do you repair broken old iron sewer
Plumbing	Pool Pump Install, wiring problems. 110 or 220. Have new Hayward Super pump with motor. 1.5 HP, same size as old one I removed.
Plumbing	Copper vs Pex behind brick wall ?. Need to replace a broken faucet. While turning water off to replace, would also like to move
Plumbing	What should I look for when buying a used pool?. We would like to buy an above ground pool, but cannot afford a brand new one a
Plumbing	Inground pool wrinkles. We have had our inground pool for about 6 years now, and a couple of years ago it rained so badly that 
Plumbing	I want to install a toilet in our stable, can I use an existing sink drain for this?. In our tack room (room for storing saddle
Plumbing	Replacing Inground pool coping. I have a 20x40 inground vinyl liner pool, with a paver deck. I have owned the home and pool for
Plumbing	Inground pool coping replacement. I have an oval inground pool.  I have, I believe, fiberglass bullnose coping around the edges
Plumbing	For a 19,000 gal above ground pool, what type of pump is best. I have an 18' above ground pool and the pump that came with it j
Plumbing	Wood Saunas, perma chink and cedar. I am building a pine and spruce log sauna, to be heated by a wood stove. First question: Is
Plumbing	How to remove paint from pool liner?. Was taking rust of rail of above ground pool to paint over such and in turn got paint on 
Plumbing	Where can I a  get manual for a highlife spa serial # K 141341. Need Help, a manual or wiring schematic for High Life spa, K 14
Plumbing	Shower Diverter Not Hexagonal Nut. I am trying to remove diverter.  Unlike most faucets, however, the stem is smooth circular, 
Plumbing	manabloc water heater and vacationing. I am going on vacation and would like to know how do I shut down my water heater when I 
Plumbing	Plumber says we must replace line. Our cast iron pipes are below slab. Plumber's Camera inspection shows two 3-foot bellys in t
Plumbing	what replaces gundfos up 15-18 su/lc?. I have a grundfos up 15-18 su/lc hot water recirculation pump that has failed. That mode
Plumbing	house outside tap diagram including connecting plumbing. Prior to the tap itself is a collar with the spout on the bottom, it a
Plumbing	how to get a tub drain to a trap when it is not aligned on slab and can. Hi, I have a plumbing question. I live in a condo with
Plumbing	37c93u 601 cross reference/ replace with?. is there a replacement  for the White Rodgers 37c93u 601 without having to disable t
Plumbing	Water under Pool Liner. We have a large in-ground pool with a vinyl liner.  Our pool has a vermiculite bottom and when we get a
Plumbing	Tap with rising spindle spinning around.. The cold tap handle on my bathroom sink just kept turning round without turning the w
Plumbing	bathroom faucets leaking. I recently had 2 bathroom faucets replaced, there is no leaking underneath the sink when running the 
Plumbing	Sklimmer screws. Hello there,  I bought a house with an in ground pool 6 months ago and only recently discovered that one of th
Plumbing	fluidmaster fill valve is whistling. Whistling continues after multiple removals and system flushes.  Whistling started after s
Plumbing	1997 cal spa 3000 not heating. Hi I have a 1997 cal spa. I have installed a new 2 speed motor, new heating element, new pressur
Plumbing	with the water turned off, why does the outdoor spicket still have water running?. I have all of the water turned off from the 
Plumbing	Help!  Septic tank for dog kennels is overfilling!!!!. I put in a septic system for my kennels years ago.  It is a regular syst
Plumbing	How do you level a harborlite pool base?. How do you level a harborlite pool base?  My husband and I are having a hard time get
Plumbing	Electrical connection for polaris booster pump?. How do you connect a polaris booster pump.  What wires go where
Plumbing	Inground pool pipes may have damage from freezing. In December, our area had many days of freezing temperatures.  We had turned
Plumbing	Space between tub spout and wall. We have about an inch space b/t our tub spout and wall. We are in the middle of a remodel. Ho
Plumbing	Coast spa trouble shooting. i have a coast spa and the temperature goes up beyond the set temp and i have to shut it off,also t
Plumbing	Increase Water Pressure Regulator. With all the water turned off, the water pressure meter measures 140psi.  When i turn on one
Plumbing	Slow draining in new house. We just bought our house this weekend. When the shower is used it starts to back up after about 5 m
Plumbing	How to level a pool on a slanted back yard?. I have a backyard that is at a slant i bought a pool that has an inflatable rim. W
Plumbing	Increasing pump output flow rate. I have a waterfall in my pool that runs off my main pool pump via a diverter valve.  Is there
Plumbing	How can I set my pump. Hi guys could any one help me I have SB series centrifugal pump and when I start I don't get any water  
Plumbing	Leveling ground for an above ground pool. I spoke to a pool company and they said that when installing an above ground pool you
Plumbing	Drained my Vinyl-lined Pool, Is there still hope?. My pool is a fairly standard 16 x 32 rectangle with 4' radius corners and 8'
Plumbing	Above ground pool. We just recently purchased a home with above ground pool.  Need help.  The water is turned into black alread
Plumbing	De blowing through return to pool. Have a hayward de filter that is blowing de back to pool....just replaced grids..found a few
Plumbing	Wiring a pool timer and switch. How do I wire a pool timer and a manual on/off switch?
Plumbing	PS2-F cal spa. I have a cal spa Model PS2-F I was needing to know if there is a manual I can download somewhere for it! And I a
Plumbing	No pressure on toilet handle when flushing. When flushing the toilet there is little or no pressure when flushing.  The handle 
Plumbing	plumbing questions and answers free. My toilet cistern takes 15 minutes to fill after a flush, do I need to replace the filler 
Plumbing	Glacier bay 899825. How do I remove water restrictor from this model?
Plumbing	Remove Push Pull Drain Stoppers in a Tub. I can't replace the push pull stopper. Every time I attempt, it goes in crooked, I ev
Plumbing	Am I able to relevel my pool. Ok I had my pool installed last year and was level but now the far side has sunk about 5 inchs so
Plumbing	Cal spa heater whisper power unit. I have a cal spa the heater light is on but not heating up just staying at 78 degrees I have
Plumbing	Pipe under toilet making water sounds. Under my toilet sounds like comstant running water. Toilet flushes fine. No water appare
Plumbing	Locate Leak. I have a leak in den ceiling with a bath/tub on the second floor.  Is it better to pull the carpet on the second f
Plumbing	Well pump pressure switch fails. I lose water pressure at least once a day. The pressure switch is new. Water pressure will dro
Plumbing	toilet emptying. The bowl of one of two toilets in my house just started emptying. The other is not. Could it be a plugged vent
Plumbing	How to install thermocouple in a Ruud waterheater?. How to install thermocouple in a Ruud water heater?
Plumbing	Well pumps water but will not fill tank. My well pumps a lot of water but it will not go into the tank. The well is 30 ft deep.
Plumbing	How to repair leaking single handle washing machine valves?. Hello all,  I've just moved into a new house and the washing machi
Plumbing	low pressure (esp hot water) in Grohe Ladylux Cafe faucet. We have always had low pressure in our Grohe Ladylux Cafe kitchen fa
Plumbing	well water filters. I have a shallow well pump at our cabin gets lots of sand and and has iron taste, wondering if there is som
Plumbing	how to check pressure switch on well pump. i can manually switch pump on but shouldnt pump be running ?im thinking switch is ba
Plumbing	Well with no pressure between the pump and the house. What could be causing us to not have pressure in the line between the wel
Plumbing	Loose fitting screw on type tub spout - does not leak. I had a new one piece tub/shower and faucet /shower installed. The spout
Plumbing	More sewage pump ?. Looking at a home to purchase.  Big manhole next to house (Zohler I believe).  On the house next to it is m
Plumbing	Is the leak my responsibility?. I have just bought my first flat and its currently being renovated. Upstairs soil pipe runs dow
Plumbing	Adjust hot and cold lever. I'm trying to adjust the lever on my Moen Riser faucet.  When the lever is vertical to the sink, it 
Plumbing	Sewage Smell From Toilet. I really hope someone can help me here...I think my husband and I have tried EVERYTHING!  We have a s
Plumbing	air-e-tainer at244 model pressure tank installation diagram. I have an air-e-tainer AT244 and I am having trouble finding a dia
Plumbing	running toilet- just keeps draining in the tank. I have a toilet that does not have a floating ball.  It just has a flapper, at
Plumbing	Tips on setting up an above the ground pool. What is the best way to level ground to setup an above ground pool?
Plumbing	can you explain to me the way a faucet works?. I hate that I have such a lack of knowledge... but, I'm having a problem with un
Plumbing	Toilet not flushing properly. One of my upstairs toilets is now flushing differently.  When I flush, the water in the bowl rise
Plumbing	Dance floor covers over pool. Hiya, I'm tryng to find a portable dance floor cover to put over the top of my pool for my birthd
Plumbing	Water from tub spigot won't get hot. I just had a new tub and surround put into my bathroom. Well when I turn the handle to tur
Plumbing	Pool Unlevel about 2 1/2 inches. We put up a 22x52 pool, its an Ultra Frame Pool. We did level the ground but appearantly it wa
Plumbing	why does my water keep shutting off. Water keeps shutting off I keep turning it back on it runs around a gallon of water and sh
Plumbing	Level pool. My pool is out by 3/4 of an inch acording to the disighn on the liner but when I put a stick in and measure the dep
Plumbing	What type of cement do I use to repair bottom of inground pool. Hi, I'm replacing the liner on my 16x32 inground pool, it has m
Plumbing	230 volt  swimming pool motor. I have a pool motor, I have disconnected the double pole 20 amp switch and I did not mark them. 
Plumbing	Belly in Sewer Pipe. Hi,  Here's the situation. I recently purchased a home and had not even been there for 2 weeks before I ha
Plumbing	replace pump simpson esprit 45 S 551 D. How do I remove the pump of simpson esprit 45 S 551 D
Plumbing	How do I stop leaking around the hose cuff where the hose screws in?. I just installed an above ground pool.  I bought hoses fr
Plumbing	Pressure release valve leaking on my pool heater. After using the pool heater all weekend, I found the pressure release valve t
Plumbing	Should you drain an inground pool liner. I had a pool linner installer tell me to leave my older inground pool without water in
Plumbing	Timer and themostat work fine independently. In combination the GFCI trips.. Timer and thermostat work fine independently and d
Plumbing	Type of wiring for hot tub outside. We are getting ready to run the electrical for our hot tub outdoors, do we need 6 awg or 8 
Plumbing	new coast spa won't work. New spa arrived yesterday and the motor won't work. We tested everything and power is correct. The co
Plumbing	Timer stopped working- Intermatic T104P3. I am not sure how or why my pool timer stopped working, but I would like to know how 
Plumbing	How do I install a propane heater to my above ground pool. What parts do I need
Plumbing	What if your pool is higher than your house?. We are putting up an above ground pool in our terraced yard. The pool will be abo
Plumbing	I have a problem with my line between the skinner and filter. Water is flowing throug. I have a problem with my line between th
Plumbing	Any hints on moving a cal spa ps-2?. I am moving a cal spa PS-2. I don't have a manual and think I need to remove the pump and 
Plumbing	Connecting a digital pool timer. Can you please help me connect my pool timer.  I recently purchased a home with a swimming poo
Plumbing	Above ground pool resin vs steel. I was looking for advice on whether to purchase a resin or a steel above ground pool.  Are 2 
Plumbing	Pool coping damage. We recently had a hail storm in our area.(4/6/10) We have an inground pool (vinyl liner) and the winter cov
Plumbing	What should I replace first:  pump, filter, heater or replaster the pool. New pool owner.  I'm not concerned about price, and I
Plumbing	Leaving pool closed. For a number of reasons we would prefer not to open our 20X40 inground pool this season.  Can the pool be 
Plumbing	Where to get a pool?. I have a big backyard and I wanted to get a pool.  But not sure where to get it. I want a good big pool. 
Plumbing	POOL lINER has came undone while installing. We are putting a liner I a above ground pool.  While filling it the one side of th
Plumbing	Discontinued spatech parts availability. I need a 6kw heater for my spa tech 650 rlp spa.  Please let me know if you know of av
Plumbing	Skimmer replacement impossible!. As a new above ground pool owner, I have made a huge mistake when I winterized my pool and as 
Plumbing	Repairing an Above Ground Pool Wall. Looking for an inexpensive way to repair the wall to our 18 ft Above Ground Pool.  It has 
Plumbing	Pool liner is ripped on  seam on corner any fix. I have a 10.000 gl above groumd pool the line ripped on the seam on the side i
Plumbing	Above ground pool leveling. I'm setting up a 24 foot pool and don't really want to dig up my yard. Can I frame a spot with land
Plumbing	Solution to high chemical costs. I have a large inground pool that gets tons of sunshine every day. I go through tubs of all th
Plumbing	How to install a 24 round overlaped liner. How do you install a 24 round above ground overlaped liner?
Plumbing	Spa Hookup:  Two GFCIs okay?. 240 volt 50 AMP for spa. Running 4 wire all the way to sub panel and spa from main service.  (Ele
Plumbing	how to pull out a pump that is 180f down. how to pull out a pump that is 180f down the well ?
Plumbing	Old Jacuzzi tub pump shuts off. We have a large, (6.5 ft), quite old I assume (its funky red - lol) jacuzzi tub that came with 
Plumbing	washer drain. Can i hook the drain pipe for the washer into the drain pipe for the bathroom sink(2 pipe)?
Plumbing	hydronic heating and domestic hotwater loops. in indiana can a domestic hotwater loop and a hydronic heating loop be the same l
Plumbing	No access panel on my tub ,what can I do?. We bought a house with Jacuzzi tub and when I turend it on the darn thing will not s
Plumbing	American Standard Air Leak. Have an American Standard Toilet model#4392 that appears to be leaking air from the fill area. Not 
Plumbing	broken pipe. The shower head pipe broke off at the fitting in the wall. Is there a way to get that broken piece out without tea
Plumbing	ejector pump issue. sewer smell coming from area in basemwnt where ejector pump located, had plumbing company send a tech out t
Plumbing	NO water pressure in our pipes after city flushing. A few weeks back our City Water Utility turned off the water to flush the s
Plumbing	kohler faucet k-16011 replace cartridge handle. how do i take the handle off to get to cartridge. there are not screw to be fou
Plumbing	kohler faucet k-r648  not good water pressure. What do I need to check?. kohler faucet k-r648  not good water pressure  and it 
Plumbing	side plumbing vent has tp sewage in it. I noticed today that the side plumbing vent (just in the foundation) had some accumulat
Plumbing	intermittant hissing from toilet tank. there is a hissing sound form my toilet tank but the sound is intermittent , how do i ge
Plumbing	Installing waste line shut off valve vs replacing spider gasket. Searched the forums & did not see this issue addressed.  Repla
Plumbing	korky pool water leveler. I need instructions to raise the water level in my pool or lower the level with the Korky?
Plumbing	how to stop leakage at bottom of stack in basement. My stack is leaking where it connect to the drain in basement floor.
Plumbing	Wiring a hot tub. My hot tub was wired for a 240V line in the previous owners location. Looking at the wiring diagram, and in t
Plumbing	What is the difference between pipe schedule and class?. is a schedule 80 pipe the same as class-5 pipe??
Plumbing	Auger through drain instead of overflow. Hello.    I was using a 1/4 flat-tape-style sink auger to snake my bathtub drain.  Ra
Plumbing	toilet cisternonly filling only half way with water. toilet seems to be getting worse! When flushed it fills with water about h
Plumbing	Noisiest pipes. My bathroom has recently been modernised and floor tiled, the big problem is the gargling noise when the basin,
Plumbing	How long do water bladder tanks last?. Hi, I'd appreciate any info.  On how long my bladder water storage tank should last.  We
Plumbing	Dripping PRV. I have a grant vortex boiler ( combi)  type, I have replaced the old one when that was leaking,  a month ago.  No
Plumbing	Leak in shower faucet. I changed out the hot valve the cold valve as well as the diverter valve, yet still a leak. I bought a k
Plumbing	washer drain. My washing machine drain overflows on the first and second rinse cycle. I was wondering if there was something I 
Plumbing	How to remove single valve handle - Delta Shower. I've got the Seats & Springs to fix a leaky Delta Monitor 1400 Series faucet 
Plumbing	Removing one-piece shower stall. What is the best way to remove a one-piece shower stall? I believe it is made out fiberglass  
Plumbing	Sewage smell in shower.... I don't know if this has been covered, but whenever my shower is running the smell of sewage seems t
Plumbing	Cast iron replacement. I have cast iron piping that needs to be replaced from my main shower to the main line. It's about 10 of
Plumbing	4 wire 220 to 3 wire spa what do I so with neutral?. 
Plumbing	hot water valve keeps leaking after replacement. I have an American Standard bathtub valve that keeps leaking, even after repla
Plumbing	Cal Spa won't stay heated - first stage won't come on. We have a 2006 Cal Spa, not sure which model. The heating cycle won't co
Plumbing	Copper pipe leak. I had a copper pipe spring a leak between my first and second floor......ceiling was opened, pipe repaired, c
Plumbing	when turning on water pipes make noise. very loud noise when turn water on can't turn faucet pass cold and noise start feel lik
Plumbing	Water in new blower motor for hot tub. Blower motor would trip the breaker each time it came on.  Replaced the blower motor and
Plumbing	its a  115  20 amp   hot tub. i have a  115 amp  20 amp  hot tub   what size wire can i use ,
Plumbing	Replacing kitchen faucet.  New shutoff valve issue?. My condo was built in 2007, all the pipes are flexible plastic stuff and h
Plumbing	Temperature. I don't know how at this point to turn the spa off, but I thought I heard it running.  I turned the thermostat dow
Plumbing	why would the shutoff valve to my lawn sprinkler  not turn when it worked fine in fal. why would the shut of valve to my lawn s
Plumbing	Leaking pool. All summer the pool has been fine but over the last two weeks, we are loosing about 3 or 4 inches in a 28 x 14 in
Plumbing	Above ground pool side  wall painting?. I have and above ground pool. The exterior side walls have a fabric like coating and is
Plumbing	No vents. I live in a quite old (unsure of yr built) rental house with no vents anywhere (I have searched and searched). There 
Plumbing	Hot water out of cold faucet. Turn on cold faucet in main bathroom and hot water comes out
Plumbing	Clear Pool Suction Line to Filter. There seems to be some kind of obstruction in the suction line between my inground pool and 
Plumbing	Black particles when hot water is run. Hello all,  I've done some searching on this but haven't found the answer.  I've lived i
Plumbing	Keeping my pool up without water?. Hello I have an above ground pool 15 x 48 round. I have a leak and only have about 18 inches
Plumbing	size of PVC pipe to run water 300ft. running water from street to house and then to shop house at 150' and shop at 300'
Plumbing	How to fix a Programmable 24 Hour 3 Circuit Pool timer?. 
Plumbing	I want to use firewood to heat my swimming pool-how can I do this. I want  a cheap, and eco friendly way to heat my 12' diamete
Plumbing	Tenant may destroy  heating. I have an apartment with a sub radiant floor heating system. It is a gas furnace with an 80 gallon
Plumbing	Repipe House in Tampa, Florida Area. What are some of the top rated repiping companies in the Tampa, Florida area?
Plumbing	Re-using an above ground liner. We purchased a used pool 30ft round, when we took it down, we labeled everything. The pool was 
Plumbing	Is it okay for a hot tub to set directly on a deck?. My daughter just bought a house. The hot tub sits directly on the deck. My
Plumbing	pool pump impeller. i had a pool repair guy come out and change a broken impeller in my pool pump, this is the second time this
Plumbing	Inground Pool Liner- Large Hole Repair. When opening our 9 year old inground pool this year, we found a large horizontal tear i
Plumbing	Kitchen sink drain. Maybe someone can help me figure out a new way to drain the kitchen sink. I have installed a new kitchen si
Plumbing	replacing cracked toilet pipe. My toilet leaked into the basement and the arm of the stack sits on 2 floor joists.  The basemen
Plumbing	Hayward H300 pool heater- pilot will not stay lit. Seems like an annual problem, but my pilot will not stay lit on opening the 
Plumbing	my pool pump keeps looseing its sucktion and i dont know why. my hayward pump keeps looseing suction
Plumbing	Low Filter Pressure. I have a Problem with my Pool Pump.  Since we opened the pool this year my Pump is running extremley hot. 
Plumbing	Find a hole in the liner of above ground pool. Is there a way to find a hole in a liner of a 27' round above ground pool?  The 
Plumbing	Above Ground Pool  moved 40 feet. I want to move a 24' round above gound pool about 40' to make room for addition to my home. T
Plumbing	Rusty spots on above ground pool walls. I have an eleven year old eighteen foot round above ground pool. I have approximately f
Plumbing	can you cut an acrylic tub surround. I live in an older house and want to install a tub surround - the back wall height is only
Plumbing	Touch faucet. Last week we replaced kitchen faucet with touch faucet. After that the sinks and shower have hot water coming thr
Plumbing	Can the pool walls break if the water level gets too low?. This is the first winter with our pool in our new house, we have an 
Plumbing	richmond water heater pilot light won't stay lit. We have a Richmond 40 gal water heater.  The sewage pipe in our basement rece
Plumbing	I have a 16;x32 oval pool need to replace the bottom buttress track. need help to find a replacement buttress track for a 16'x3
Plumbing	Rusting walls. I have a above ground pool that is 16 x 32 and the wall by the filter is giving in and bending.  It has not bust
Plumbing	Basement floor drain not quite 2? how to plug?. I want to plug the basement floor drain with a backwater plug.. but as removin
Plumbing	tub spout drips when water is running elsewhere in the house. The tub spout drips whenever there is water running elsewhere in 
Plumbing	Hot Water Heater Leaking. There appears to be a leak somewhere with my water heater.  There is rust color within the drain pain
Plumbing	How do you level a harborlite pool base?. How do level a harborlite pool base? My husband and I have raked it and are having a 
Plumbing	Power installation to pools. How do I run power from my house to my above ground pool?  What do I need?
Plumbing	Repair broken sewage vent pipe in basement. How much to replace broken sewage vent pipes in basement . Floor has to be broken. 
Plumbing	moen kitchen faucet. I have a moen kitchen faucet, single handle and need to replace the cartridge.  How can I find the model n
Plumbing	what's the max dimensions for valve location to floor, spout and shower?. I have contempra tub and shower combination trim and 
Plumbing	can i reuse an above ground pool liner thats 2 years old?. Bought a above ground pool, set it up, we are worried the liner won'
Plumbing	Can you re use a pool liner after you move a pool. WE are buying a used above ground pool. The current pool owners bought a new
Plumbing	plumbing problems. My question to you is a while back I've had some plumbing problems. We had the upstairs kitchen sink rodded 
Plumbing	Banging pipes. When the toilets or shower is on we get a banging sound
Plumbing	Fill pool in evening, 6PM and by morning the level is down to skimmer bottom,. Hey folks thanks for having me. In ground pool, 
Plumbing	I need to install a p-trap for above/inground pool. I'm having a partial inground/above ground pool installed with vinyl lining
Plumbing	is there a shallow shower drain. we have bought a above foor rough in and shower with. is there a shallow shower drain for abov
Plumbing	Pool at winter?. Can you leave above ground pool empty, and not covered for the winter?
Plumbing	where can I find outdoor water/sewer line hole cover - 9 inch diameter. I am looking for a hole cover for water/sever line outs
Plumbing	Skimmer suction. We don't have any suction in skimmer why?
Plumbing	Frogs clogging roof sewer vents so odor in bathroom. Has anyone ever heard of big frogs clogging the roof vent pipes, causing o
Plumbing	Anyone know where to buy bulk salt for a swimming pool?. Does anyone know where to buy bulk salt ? I really need to get some fa
Plumbing	ask above ground pools. I had to purchase a  new Waterway hiflo 1.5 hp motor / pump with 7 valve diverter using sand for filter
Plumbing	Water filtration systems and old scaled pipes?. I work for a facilities maintenance office and we are getting complaints that w
Plumbing	Foul smell coming from under kitchen sink. Hi everyone,  There is a terrible smell coming from under my kitchen sink.  It is no
Plumbing	Connect polaris booster pump. How do you connect (wire) a polaris booster pump . I have red,green,black wires
Plumbing	If pool liner is falling down and water is behind it..  Is it bad. We going to replace the pool liner this year and after the l
Plumbing	how can I wire pool timer model  CD 2204R  precision multiple control. 
Plumbing	Sand filters. How do you hook up an above ground sand filter to a pool?
Plumbing	Water leaking along the seam. I just put our pool up, and after we started putting water in I found a leak around the seam at t
Plumbing	Leaking waterfall pipe. A PVC pipe feeds my waterfall, which is part of the circuit of a pool filtration system.  I noticed my 
Plumbing	Hot water running through cold water faucets on second floor. I have a hot water heater, about 2 years old, and i can get nothi
Plumbing	Pond cleaning. I posted a while ago about cleaning ponds that led to installing a pump, adding something to the water to dissol
Plumbing	Electrical cost for line to house for an above ground pool?. What is bal park figure to install electrical line to house for an
Plumbing	What causes breaker with bad GFCI to run controls but not pumps on our hot tub?. 240V breaker with bad gfci(wouldn't do anythin
Plumbing	Pool cleaner gets stuck on drain. My barracuda g3 gets stuck on the drain after working fine for the last 4 months ago. I have 
Plumbing	Anti siphon 528 for a poo. What is the purpose of the anti siphon 528 for a pool?  Just bought a house with a pool.
Plumbing	How to lower TA without affecting pH?. I've volunteered my services as my parent's pool guy however I don't really have any p
Plumbing	Muskin Pool Company. I am trying to get in touch with this pool company for a warranty issue.  The number I have is not in serv
Plumbing	Pool pump oil?. I have a small out of ground pool the pump all of the sudden stopped working and keeps tripping the breaker. I 
Plumbing	Does Aerating raise the PH of pool and SPa ?. Dear Sophisticated Technicians ,  I have read an article about different ways of 
Plumbing	Air in pool lines. Does anyone know why there is a lot of air bubbles coming out of my in-ground pool water jets. Will it damag
Plumbing	Problems with installation of a 20x12x48 inch pool?. We are installing an above ground 20x12x48 inch pool.  We've had a couple 
Plumbing	Pool lining installation problem. Hello readers: Any help/advise is greatly appreciated. I am wondering what I am doing wrong w
Plumbing	Conduit in trench or above ground. Does NEC specifically require a trench for an outdoor 220 pull? The yard where I intend to p
Plumbing	black sludge in basement. We have a newer home (7 year old.)  We just discovered probably a gallon or two's worth of water and 
Plumbing	Submersible well pump. I installed a new 3/4 hp well pump into my well, ran fine to fill the house and allow 1 shower.  It shut
Plumbing	What size pipe should I use for a new basement bathroom?  1/2 or 3/4?. Im putting a bathroom in my basement.  Should I use 1/2 
Plumbing	Curb Stop Valve Access Cleanout. It turns out the plug to the pipe that leads down to the curb stop valve out in front of my ho
Plumbing	plumbing answers. how far can a toile?t  be from d.w.v
Plumbing	water wont flush from tank.. have an eljer toilet that had a flushmaster system its a tank in the tank that holds the water and
Plumbing	Too much water in toilet tank. I am having a problem with a constant running toilet.  After doing some research, I have decided
Plumbing	Connecting a new toilet and sink to main sewer line. Hello, I am installing a first floor bathroom and I need some help with co
Plumbing	Shower drain foundation. My toe broke through the tile in the shower near the drain. After much demolition, I find an area appr
Plumbing	Two hot water tank system but will have no hot water but water has not been run?. We have a two hot water tank system and occas
Plumbing	Water leaking from under toilet when running washing machine and shower together. The water is backing up under both toilets do
Plumbing	Moen Tub Valve Leaking When Another Faucet Runs. I have a single handle moen tub faucet, it started to leak when water was runn
Plumbing	bathroom water will not shut off. I can't seem to get my hot water to shut off all the way in my bathtub.
Plumbing	WAtts premier Reverse osmosis--tank won't fill and water continues to run. Hi all,  I instsalled a Watts premiere REverse Osmos
Plumbing	Chlorination Pump. I am having problems with the Chlorination not sending chlorine to the house. My unidose pump is working fin
Plumbing	Green Water.. [F]My inlaws have a 12,000 gallon above ground pool.  They left it uncovered all winter and of course the water t
Plumbing	cpvc connections. Working on replacing my hot water heater which is connected using CPVC. How long does CPVC glue take to cure 
Plumbing	Clasp wall vinyl inground pool. We moved into this house last year in ground pool was built in ''77.  The pool was closed profe
Plumbing	How do I replace plywood deck on older kayak pool. I have an older Kayak pool that came with my house. I would have to say its 
Plumbing	how to wire 230 volt gfi to pool pump. I have a new pool pump a Hayward 3/4 hp super pump The old motor was removed and pool cl
Plumbing	GFI circuit breaker trips when flipped on.. Recently installed a hot but.  All wiring is correct, and has been rechecked.  When
Plumbing	Nightly shower/toilet clogging. Hello.  My wife and I just bought an older house and are having a plumbing problem that makes n
Plumbing	How to set up a muskin sand filter. We are trying to set up a muskin sand filter without instructions and we don't know for sur
Plumbing	Inground pool light.. Where can I find a reasonable place to install an inground pool light. The pool is old(1989) and I was t
Plumbing	Shut off valve connection. Is the hose threaded on the plastic valve???
Plumbing	how can i get licensed to install septic tanks. how can I get licensed to install septic tanks
Plumbing	Water behind pool liner?. Ok .........at firt thought the pool liner was floating because of  watershed  from a hillside next t
Plumbing	Motor c48k2n143b1. Motor tries to start but cuts off,  it does this 3 time and then starts ...
Plumbing	How to patch large hole on the bottom of the pool ?. I have been asked by my customer to install 2nd drain on the bottom of her
Plumbing	water pressure on a well. What should the pressure be when the sprinkler system  is on.  The well pressures up at 60 PSI but wh
Plumbing	hot tub will not stay on. My hot tub will not stay on or warm up.  I press the button and it turns on and turns off after 10 mi
Plumbing	Electrical hot tub problem---help!. Does anyone know how I can find out what the code is for wiring a hot tub in Reno, Nevada? 
Plumbing	my water tank is constantly running. I live in a ground floor flat and i for the last 4 hours I can hear what can only be descr
Plumbing	Hot tub wiring. How much does it cost to hardwire a hot tub
Plumbing	faucet arm does not swivel. moen faucet arm will not swivel  will lubrication with silicone gel or DW 40 solve the problem if t
Plumbing	Kitchen Sink Clogged. I am having a similar issue.  I have a double sink, garbage disposal and dishwasher all hooked up.  The l
Plumbing	how to replace a Delta 1824 -74 cartridge - shower body spray. The cartridge that I received as replacement was D-1700 CRT ASSY
Plumbing	How much to Fix a crack in the Stack Pipe?. I inherited a rather dilapidated 2-story row house and I'm trying to rehab the prop
Plumbing	Wet spots in the living room carpet. We're renting a 2-level townhome and have been here just under a year.  A couple of weeks 
Plumbing	iron pipe union. After disassembling a black iron pipe union to change a water heater, do you use any pipe dope or oil on the m
Plumbing	Chlorine or aquafinnesse. Has anyone used aqua finnesse or aqua garde if so are they any good I currently use chlorine.
Plumbing	I want to fill my swimming pool?  In perth w.a. I'm unsure whether to hire a water tanker or just fill from the tap, we have wa
Plumbing	I am installing a Pumptrol pressure switch class 9013.. I am installing a Pumptrol pressure switch class 9013. Where do I hook 
Plumbing	Kitchen Water Faucet Does Not Work. We have a kitchen faucet about 5 years old installed in a rental apartment.  We got a call 
Plumbing	what is the going rate for 7000 sq ft pool area wall to pressure clean. i need to give a price for pressure cleaning the walls 
Plumbing	Waste and trap won't fit together. I have a new whirlpool bath from b&q with a waste pipe supposedly measuring 1.5 inches as st
Plumbing	Wiring two 230 Volt pool pumps inseries. Hello, I am rewiring switched for two pool pumps. The old set disintegrated so I canno
Plumbing	running power above ground pool. I installed a 24 ft round pool. but i couldnt afford the electrician to come out and wire the 
Plumbing	Sewage Overflow. We had our septic tank cleaned because of sewage overflow in our basement. After it was cleaned there was stil
Plumbing	My top pool railings are peeling. Can they be scraped and coated with something?. My pool top railings are peeling. I can't rep
Plumbing	Sstep by step instructions for above ground pool. Don't have instructions on how to set up an above ground pool. Pool was given
Plumbing	Which Solar heating system for a/g pool. Hi looking to buy solar heating system for my above ground pool, which is the best and
Plumbing	New pool pump motor...low pressure low return flow. We bought a  home  with warranty,the pool motor  and  timer  went  out....r
Plumbing	Replacement top rails. I have an 18' above ground pool with aluminum siding.  I need the top rail replacement parts and can't s
Plumbing	Please help me locate the correct vent pipe. My basement toilet erupts when the upstairs toilet is flushed. I am on a septic sy
Plumbing	lining an underground sewer pipe. We have a crack in an underground sewer line. I understand a plumber can insert a liner to 
Plumbing	How to prime a electric well pump. I have a rapid dayton well pump with a pressure gage on top,pump is running but no pressure,
Plumbing	can you use cpvc pipe to hook a hot water radiator?. 
Plumbing	I have a lot of drainage on my front yard. What do I need to do to prevent this???. In my front yard, it washes away the soil..
Plumbing	contact glacier bay dual flush water level. how to increase water level in the dual flush toilet
Plumbing	mcnew foot valve and strainer. Where can I buy a McNew foot valve and strainer (I only need the strainer)?
Plumbing	How to clean my portable toilet? Should I prefer self cleaning or choose porta potty. cleaning my portable toilet. Is it better
Plumbing	Hot water in toilet tank issue. Hi,  I have a major issue of hot water going into my toilet tank.  I have replaced the fill val
Plumbing	low water pressure when using two faucets. A month ago I started to lose water pressure in my whole house when two water source
Plumbing	need help with getting rid of drain or sewer flies. for the last few years when the temp reaches 85-90 I get a house full fo dr
Plumbing	Pool professionals replaced our liner last summer, and ever since then losing water. We had our inground pool liner replaced la
Plumbing	How to detect leak in skimmer line. Here is the problem that I am having.  When I close off the main drain the suction at the p
Plumbing	Toilet Surging. My upstairs bathroom toilet sounds like it is surging on a regular basis.  The water level is appropriate.  Why
Plumbing	leaking lightbulb. Hi i just showered my daughter we lnt downstairs and noticed a puddle of water under my my light in the kitc
Plumbing	Hot tub plumbing and wiring. To make a long story short.  In the process of my divorce our hot tub popped a breaker and froze u
Plumbing	ask a plumber for free. Recently our water pressure has been droping way down if the shower is on and someone flushes the toile
Plumbing	Take down pool. I am trying to find out how to take down a 30 foot olympia above ground pool.  Had a house fire and need to mov
Plumbing	Convert a claw-foot tub to a hot tub?. Are there any kits available for adding jets, filter, heating to a claw-foot tub?
Plumbing	all faucets have cold water but there's no hot water. All Faucets give gold water when turned on but no hot water. Direct energ
Plumbing	Fiberglass shower drain replacement. Hi There!  I have a 2nd floor fiberglass shower.  The drain was leaking.  I cut a hole thr
Plumbing	Free Home Repair for Seniors, monterey county, ca. I live in marina, ca, and have a bath tub that has cracked ans is leaking wa
Plumbing	how to adjust kohler 1.6 gallon toilet tank. The float in the tank stops the water right at the brim of the siphon tub.  There 
Plumbing	Water Drips down the ceiling when we take shower in upstairs bathroom.. Hi, when ever we take shower in the upstairs master bat
Plumbing	Water Pouring out of top but not the pipe. I've got an old Allience 501 hot water heater.  It's pouring out water out of the to
Plumbing	wall drain pipe under bathroom sink is thin and crumbling. I recently had an issue with my p-trap on a bathroom sink and ended 
Plumbing	Pipes in basement sound like water turned on and off. Trying to figure out why there is a sound in the basement that sounds lik
Plumbing	AAV Odors. Hey folks.  I have a very foul odor coming from under the kitchen sink.  I have traced it to the AAV.  I tried repla
Plumbing	Water pressure. We are on a Well and  our water pressure decreases after only a couple of min, but then returns shortly after.
Plumbing	glacier bay parts. I have a Glacier Bay model FBFA000050469 kitchen faucet that has begun leaking at the cold water faucet and 
Plumbing	mystery. I have a well water system. 50 gal. electric A.O. Smith hot water heater. Had both heating elements and all 3 thermost
Plumbing	Facuet head wont come off. I have a faucet head that is original to the house im moving into, the problem is that there is no s
Plumbing	Water heater issues. I have hot water coming from heater pressure relief valve but not from pipes???
Plumbing	measurements. I measured across the thread of my new taps to go in and they measured 3/4 inch. I went off and bought 3/4 inch t
Plumbing	Lack of water from tap. The water comes out with equal force and amount from all the taps in the house, with the exception of t
Plumbing	How can I remove the lock nut on the flusher connected to the toilet tank. Hi there, Am trying to replace flush handle but the 
Plumbing	Hooking up vacuum to filter system. How do I hook vacuum up to my sand dollar filter system?  How do you connect sand dollar fi
Plumbing	differnce between a standard well tank and a pressurized tank. How can I tell if I have a standard well tank
Plumbing	Pool leaks in  winter. I live in New Jersey, I have a slow leak in a above grown 4 foot high pool. The water level is 2 feet do
Plumbing	Hole in bottom of inground liner pool. I have an inground Clayton and Lambert pool, 37' X 19' by 8' deep on one end, 3' at the 
Plumbing	GFCI Hookup Question - Missing Neutral. Hi, Wondering, how I could get this to work?  I can get the spa/jacuzzi to work but the
Plumbing	Acrylic Tub Surround and dry wall?. Hi there, I am replacing my old tiles with a tub surround. All of the previous drywall is g
Plumbing	leaky shower head. my shower head leaks when I turn on the water in my bathtub
Plumbing	Set up. [center]how do I set up a K-D Knock Down pool it is a 24ft by 4ft pool someone please help this is a very Big pool an
Plumbing	Do I need a plumbing access panel?. I have an upstairs shower (which we installed).  It leaked around the drain and ruined ceil
Plumbing	bad smell coming from laundry room. I recently had a new water heater installed, shortly after I have had a horrible sewer smel
Plumbing	does a pool have to be grounded all the way around under the national electrical code. does a pool have to be grounded all the 
Plumbing	running water sound. Hearing running water sounds coming from hot water heater is there cut off safety switch inside the heater
Plumbing	Pool deck assembly. I am looking for directions on how to assemble an Esther Williams classic pool deck.  Does anyone have them
Plumbing	Big bubble in liner in an above ground pool!. In the last couple of weeks I have noticed a bubble in the center of my pool th
Plumbing	Water lines leak under sink when dw hooked up. Faucet is new. I. My GE portable dw is 2 years old and works fine. I replaced my
Plumbing	Is 2.5 inches off level too much for an Intex Ultra frame pool 16 by 48. I brought in sand and leveled it all day and used a 2 
Plumbing	How much does it cost in labor to install a shower pan ?. 36 neo angle shower pan installation
Plumbing	No water in kitchen sink. My kitchen sink stop working when I turn the side spray thing on now no water at all will come out o
Plumbing	Polaris Booster pump wiring diagram. The diagram on the outside of pump has faded. I need to change it from 240 to 120.
Plumbing	loss of pressure in shower. Loss of shower pressure.  While recently showering, my water pressure suddenly dropped about 50%. T
Plumbing	Plumbing in chilled water line. I am connecting a brass control valve to copper pipe in a chilled water application. Do we need
Plumbing	GFCI Breaker Tripping on Coast Spa. Hi,  I am having a problem with my Coast Platinum Series Spa bought in 2001.  The GFIC brea
Plumbing	Above Ground Pool, What Next?. We just had a 27x52 above ground pool installed and it is currently filling up with water...What
Plumbing	Should my pool pressure be around 18psi. Should my filter system for my pool be at like 18psi and then shoot up to 25psi and st
Plumbing	Custom pool liner install. Hi...I filled the deep end of my 16x32 pool with sand, let it settle for a month and had a custom li
Plumbing	Lost pressure on new pressure tank. I installed a new pressure tank that worked fine the first day. Then when I came home the n
Plumbing	Cut copper water line for push-on fitting.. I need to cut a 1/2 copper water line and will be putting a 90 deg push-on fitting
Plumbing	Didn't shut down hot tub before changing water. I had a little too much fun in my hot tub and the water became filthy. I decide
Plumbing	unlocking air locked toilets. The water in our toilet wont go down for a long time after it is flushed,then when it does go dow
Plumbing	i have an above ground oval pool and the liner is slipping help. we have an 18x39 oval pool installed 3 yrs ago. we never empti
Plumbing	Sewer Smell in Laundry Room. We are getting a sewer gas smell when we do laundry! This started as just the odd time and then be
Plumbing	Priming a shallow well jet pump. I have a jet pump that I have been working on priming. I have an addition going in and the wat
Plumbing	We live on an older farm , the toilets rarely flush efficently 2nd flush is required. I liv
Plumbing	Luke warm water. Luke warm water -but found the overflow pipe leaking continuosly .Current and voltage -ok .Element ,gasket got
Plumbing	why does a submersible well pump surge?. We put a new 1/2 HP submersible pump in our well about 3 weeks ago. It worked fine for
Plumbing	No water pressure from toilet valve. My toilet had been running constantly so I replaced the valve inside the tank.  After that
Plumbing	can you vent bathroom fan through soffitts. can you vent bathroom fan through ceiling on to soffitts instead of roof
Plumbing	Sump Pump. I have water comming out of the pvc pipe that comes out of the house there is a elbow with a over flow it looks like
Plumbing	Kwikot 600 Dual geyser 150 litre. Not getting to desired temp. Changed both element and thermostat. Disconnected ripple box, cu
Plumbing	No cold water coming out of shower that is rarely used, only hot water. I have a guest bathroom that really doesn't get used ve
Plumbing	T-23 shower diverter. I am trying to replace the shower diverter spindle in my Symmons shower system but I am at a dead end. I 
Plumbing	Can 1.5 inch copper line be connected to pvc?. Can 1.5 inch copper line be connected to pvc without sweating? If so with what c
Plumbing	Removing Compression Nut of Shower Drain. It seems I'm having a problem with my shower drain, it's probably leaking. When I car
Plumbing	I would like to know the best pool for a big Newfoundland to swim in.Iwant toswimtoo. I live in New England and would like to h
Plumbing	tri lever was stuck and it wont pull out?. My tub/shower has a trip lever below the faucet to control the drain.  It got stuck 
Plumbing	How can I pull the linner of my above ground filled with water back up. I have a 27 x48 round pool it is filled  on the one sid
Plumbing	Inground pool no suction in my skimmers low pressure. I have 2 skimmers in the deep end of my inground pool and I have no sucti
Plumbing	Will acrylic tub crack in cold weather?. I bought a new acrylic free standing tub.  It was delivered and is sitting in the gara
Plumbing	Plumbing Pressure Test. buying a hud home,they say won't hold air test on plumbing.won't allow water to be turned on so what ne
Plumbing	Plumbing Questions. House water pump acting up. Our house has cisterns instead of a well. Our pump has been working fine but no
Plumbing	New laundry taps on existing pipes. Hi,  I'm moving into a townhouse that doesn't have a laundry. There is room for a washer/dr
Plumbing	Purex Triton Whisperflo pump failure. For my in-ground pool I have a 7-year old Purex Triton Whisperflo pump with a 1.5 HP Magn
Plumbing	Is it badly needed to install a retaining wall around an inground fiber glass pool?. Retaining wall
Plumbing	why do i sometimes have water , then sometimes i don't. keep losing water to the house, the pump is not even 3 years old, the p
Plumbing	How soon can you use your pool after liner shield on floor over sand?. We are having a new above ground pool installed. How soo
Plumbing	Cost. We are looking at putting in a 28' round Doughboy. We have chosen the middle of the road option-no deep end. They have qu
Plumbing	keeping underground water line from freezing. I have a cottage that sits on concrete columns, the waterline is exposed from the
Plumbing	Esther Williams Pool Instalation Manual. Hi I just Bought a used Esther Williams pool with no instalation manual. I have no ide
Plumbing	PH and chlorine. Does a high concentration of chlorine lower the pH?  How about 200 ppm of chlorine?
Plumbing	venting a saniflo upflush toilet. Does anyone know I need to vent a saniflo can I tie into the vent stack? Or do I have to go a
Plumbing	hot water tank relief valve repair. the auxiliary valve has blown on my heater tank when I pulled the relief valve up too high,
Plumbing	Is it ok to combine AVP and CVP pipe for drainge in a basement?. Is it ok to combine AVP and CVP pipe for drainge in a basement
Plumbing	CalSpa Issues. I have a 2010 CalSpa Escape Series ES732L, the control panel lights up, temp adjusts, heater comes on, but no je
Plumbing	What is PH of Salt Cell Generated Chlorine Gas?. I'd like to know what the PH level range is of Chlorine Gas as generated by a 
Plumbing	Purex whisper flo. My pentair whisperflo 2hp pump makes a humming noise and won't pump.
Plumbing	Pool Pump Repair. I have changed a seal in a waterco supertuf pool pump. I t still has a leak around the housing & the bolts do
Plumbing	8654 sonneville. where is the sewer line
Plumbing	1 in. pipe to a gas cooktop. Hello, are there any references on suggested sequences of fittings to connect a capped 1 in. gas p
Plumbing	Replumbing an old spa. Hi I have recently inherited a  old princess spa from my father.  The spa would not hold temp it would g
Plumbing	Pool plumbing parts anti-siphon leaking. The auto fill anti-siphon valve for my pool is leaking, I have replaced the gaskets an
Plumbing	What do you use when replacing septic tile?. We have had our tank cleaned and now know we have a blockage probably by roots.  W
Plumbing	commercial kitchen P-trap. commercial kitchen P-trap - do you have an image? send to ptrfred101@yahoo.com.ph thanks
Plumbing	How can I be sure a diagnosed drain pipe leak is really there?. The property is a duplex. I noticed when water is run in the ma
Plumbing	Repair coping for Polymer wall pool. I have a 24' round inground pool where the coping is molded to the Polymer walls.The copin
Plumbing	How to fix a leak under my bathtub. We installed a new tub. It sits really close to the floor. It leaks after someone taks a sh
Plumbing	Washer water overflowing onto the floor making both toilets gurgle and one overflow.. House is one story, 1 bedroom has toilet 
Plumbing	plumbing problems. I have 2 bathrooms, when I flush the main toilet,  bubbles come up in the bedroom toilet
Plumbing	Weighing down pool steps?. Does anyone know where to get bags to replace the ones that came with the pool steps?  Our bags fell
Plumbing	Pool pressure. How can I get pressure to my pool.?
Plumbing	New Sauna Heater Trips GFI When Desired Temperature is reached. I have just installed a new outdoor sauna.  The new sauna heate
Plumbing	Removing/burying concrete pool. I have a 20x40 concrete pool and want it gone!    It is a Garter (brand) pool and all cement, o
Plumbing	220 volt spa. Hi we are buying a used 220 volt spa for therapy for sick child and we do not have a handy 220 outlet to plub it 
Plumbing	Frozen pool. How would I remove a frozen above ground pool?
Plumbing	Water level in above ground pool in winter. We bought a house with above ground pool.We have a winter cover on it,treated for w
Plumbing	Frozen pool removal. It appears that the above ground pool is completely frozen and it needs to be removed from the property, h
Plumbing	Need to identify pool maker. We got a 24' round pool cheap from a second hand owner. No manuals. Has stickers on top rail that 
Plumbing	Swimming Pool Lights. Hi my wife and I have just bought a villa with a pool, So we are not yet clued up! When the pool was part
Plumbing	Bad smell from my Hot Tub. I have a 6 man Hydro Spa. I clean it regularly along with the filters. I currently use a chlorine & 
Plumbing	Hot Tub GFIC wiring. I gave my son in law my 2 year Keys Backyard 220 volt hot tum with the gfi bax and all.  I worked perfect 
Plumbing	Vinyl pool - proper water level at closing?. I have a 24,000 gallon in ground vinyl pool - Baltimore MD - usually the water lev
Plumbing	Inground swimming pool liner coping. I just had my inground swimming pool liner replaced in June 2008. Today I just saw a side 
Plumbing	Hottub not heating. After emptying and refilling my hottub today the control panel is displaying ice and jets will not go off w
Plumbing	Portable Propane Tank Size for a 100k BTU pool Heater?. I am looking to purchase a 100K BTU propane heater for my 18' round poo
Plumbing	Testing contactor/heating element. How do I check to see if the contactor needs to be replaced on my nu-wave spa supreme series
Plumbing	has a galaxy mytique shower got a standard thread. thread size for a galaxy mystique shower
Plumbing	Water leak in two story condo. I have water leaking from the ceiling in a storage closet below the 2 story bathroom. It has gro
Plumbing	no hot water upstairs but works downstairs tankless water heater. i have a noritz america nr71-sv tankless gas water heater no 
Plumbing	wire color for 240v. went to homedepot to buy wire for hottub/spa aprox 80ft in the four colors, red,green white and black the 
Plumbing	CU301grundfos pressure sensor problem. CU301grundfos pressure sensor problem.Can I replace just the sensor or do I have to get 
Plumbing	Why is there no display on my coast spa?. There is no display and i have reset the breaker and held the light button for 30 sec
Plumbing	questions about unlevel pools. We installed a 16x32 rectangle kayak pool, everything was done but installing the liner.  Then w
Plumbing	why is my psi so high. I started off vacuuming my pool this morning, water was clear but after awhile the pump seemed like it w
Plumbing	2002 CAL SPA C1100 won't run. filled tub for the season and turned on breaker and checked gfci all ok no light on touch pad. ch
Plumbing	Intermatic 101 on tripper use green or silver. Which tripper  to use on Intermatic T101 -- green or silver?
Plumbing	Damage pool walls. I have a 20x40 inground pool which had a Dom. In a bad snowstorm it collapsed and destroyed the walls. I wou
Plumbing	40 yr old pool walk in fiberglass steps leaking. We have an older pool that is suddenly leaking.  Water level has dropped and t
Plumbing	Cal spa troubles. We have a cs6300 cal spa and it wouldn't heat so we replaced the heat exchanger and a capacitor that had gone
Plumbing	Calspa error code 5F. I overfilled my tub and am getting this error code even after drying the control panel with a hair drier.
Plumbing	I need installation info. for an Esther Williams 18x36 inground pool from the la. the pool is in need of alot of repair. I need
Plumbing	Cal spa control panel 2100 error #20, 11, and 01.. We drained and refilled our spa. It circulates well but it stays at 80 degre
Plumbing	grouting expansion joint around pool deck coping. I'm not ready (financially) to re-do my pool deck (it's coated with Sun Dek, 
Plumbing	Why do the pipes make a drilling sound when the water runs?. I just replaced the flush valve seal in the toilet.  When the wate
Plumbing	Intermit start. I have a 2003 f350 with a 6.0.hard starting will fire on starter fluid.new fuel filters,good fuel pressure.good
Plumbing	shower hot water problems. I installed a new Delta Windmere BN LAV shower faucet.  Now, the hot water temperature has disappear
Plumbing	Very low suction in my skimmer line. Hi,  Please help! I'm a poor teacher...lol  I have very low suction on my skimmer line.  ~
Plumbing	Can you use regular bleach for a hot tub?. Can you use relgular laundry bleach for a hot tub?
Plumbing	15x30 above ground. We bought a used 15 x 30 above ground pool and I was told to put foam on the bottom of the pool for the lin
Plumbing	Cold water air lock ?. Hi ,  I recently got a new bathroom suite , shower and kitchen sink fitted downstairs.  The bathroom sui
Plumbing	free plumbing answers. i have a water wall feature 10 meter high 3 meter wide.  This is fes by a 22 mm pipe with a 22 mm pipe a
Plumbing	can't find toilet drain in basement. builder has exposed drain pipe for shower and wash-out drain against wall for vanity, yet 
Plumbing	One thing leads to another!. When downstairs (main floor)toilet is refilling pipes in basement shake uncontrollably & sink fauc
Plumbing	my whirlpool hot water heater has the red light blinking but I still have no hot wate. My whirlpool hotwater heater has a blink
Plumbing	Sewer smell coming from tub. This is a new home and I've been living here for 3 months an d all of a sudden I start to smell se
Plumbing	drain waste vent. When drains and soil pipes run to a well instead of county sewage plants would the venting system be any diff
Plumbing	Air Lock in Water Line to Toilet. I had to drain water from the house last night to fix a minor leak in a cold water line.  Now
Plumbing	Need kitchen faucet for 3 compartment sink. My kitchen sink has three compartments, the left and right are the same size, the c
Plumbing	Hot water heater. What exactly does putting the hot water heater on 'vacation' do?
Plumbing	Kitchen Sprayer vs Diverter. I have good pressure from the faucet but only about 1/5 of the pressure in the sprayer head. I tho
Plumbing	gravity flush toilet. Can you install a pressure aided flush bladder to gravity flush toilet?
Plumbing	Block hot tub base. Building a pad for an  8' x 8' hot tub
Plumbing	Water well pressure switch. I'm having problem with my water well pressure switch.  The old one keep clicking on and off when w
Plumbing	can toilet paper clog a toilet for days. a young guest clogged my toto toilet four days ago.  We have plunged, tried to snake i
Plumbing	There are a lot of particles on the water of swiming pool .. Dear sophisticated Reader,  I have a problem with swimming pool wh
Plumbing	Why my spa drain when the pump is off. My spa drain when my pump turns off
Plumbing	When is the best time to start getting your pool ready for next season?. I have an inground pool, unheated, in Los Angeles. I p
Plumbing	unclog sewer line. Over the weekend sat,wife ran washingmachine,once it discharged,hear girgling in both our bathrooms,from the
Plumbing	Measuring above ground pool. Bought a used pool and not sure of the height. How to you measure the height or depth of pool. Not
Plumbing	Copper Pipe - Try to bend,  or replace?. The pipe on the left in the picture not only looks bad,  but will need to be moved bac
Plumbing	Wesco sauna-heater model C-150. Needs to be replaced. Price for new heater
Plumbing	Removing concrete around pool that is already filled with dirt. My husband and I bought a house 2 years ago, that used to have 
Plumbing	state select gas water heater won't stay lit. We've been in our house for 6 years now.  It was brand new when we moved in.  Our
Plumbing	Air in the pump system. I opened my pool this past weekend. I plugged back all the screws/nuts within the filter and pump area.
Plumbing	plumbing. we have a ceiling leak on first floor.  leak is not directly below the washroom. turned off the water on toilet did n
Plumbing	Submersible Pump Troubleshooting. I have a 600 foot  well with a submersible pump. My pump turns on at 30 psi, builds pressure 
Plumbing	Toilet over flooding regularly. 2nd floor Toilet is over flowing every use...It's gotten so bad we need to plunge after every f
Plumbing	Where can I find peperment oil for sewer test?. Hello I am a purchasing agent at a commercial pluming co and my supplier of pep
Plumbing	No hot water in shower and low water pressure. I live in a house that has 2 bathrooms; one in the basement and one on the 2nd f
Plumbing	I have 3 pipes coming out of the slab I know the main line what are the other two. I bought a house with the pipes cut at the s
Plumbing	water shut off valve not allowing water to flow. when I turn the water valve on, there water flow does not increase
Plumbing	found a 2 line with tape over it. Good afternoon,  Electrician by trade. Over the last month or so I experienced the smell of 
Plumbing	Part A112181M. I removed the tip piece of the sprayer attachment to clean calcium buildup and now it will not go back on.  I an
Plumbing	08449417839 pulkitchsig, moen. Purchased this faucet  9/2004. need replacement parts. Where can I find
Plumbing	no cold water in tub but hot water runs fine. I turn on the cold water faucet and nothing there....but the hot water faucet wor
Plumbing	bathroom sink shut off valve. I want to change the taps in my bathroom, however, the valve will not open.  I've tried most spra
Plumbing	Replacing Pumped Electric Shower. Hi,  We have a pumped electric shower in our en-suite (Dimplex 2000 pumped electric), that ha
Plumbing	Window Well repair. I have four window wells in my basement. All have drains and there is no water problem. But one of the well
Plumbing	standing water in sump pump pit. Just bought house in Staten Island. There is about 6 or more of standing water in sump pump p
Plumbing	Installing pre-formed shower base pan. Hello,  I have a question with regards to installing a shower base pan.  I framed up the
Plumbing	Richmond water heater FVD reset. Power vent Model 6GR40PVE2-40. Fumes long gone. How do I reset? Somewhere I read just unplug t
Plumbing	Toilet Tank Leak Question. I suspect my toilet tank may be leaking for some reason. I found my bathroom floor (tiles and grout)
Plumbing	Where do I locate the regulator valveto adust the water pressure in a mobile home?. Where do I locate the regulator valveto adu
Plumbing	battery operated flush urinal won't flush. Battery operated flush urinal won't flush after installing new flush valve. Old flus
Plumbing	dishwasher on worktop. Can install a fullsize dishwasher on the kitchen worktop which has adequate support? the space next to t
Plumbing	air in water line. For no aparent reason, there seems to be air in the water line when we turn on the hot water faucet in the h
Plumbing	Should my outtake on my above ground pool be shooting up,down, or in middle of pool?. Above ground pool water outtake should it
Plumbing	The underground  piping in my swimming pool is leaking about 100 gallons per day.. Underground metal pipe feeding an undergroun
Plumbing	Problems with old hot tub. I have a hot tub that when I have the power on and I push the four function air switch for the pump 
Plumbing	Bottom pool rails. I recently moved my pool and found that some of the bottom rails are rusted.  I lost all of my pool info in 
Plumbing	Finding Replacement Top Rails. I purchased a 15' AG round pool from Harrows (Long Island, New York) in 1997.  I now need to rep
Plumbing	Really dirty pool. Pool hasn't been opened for three years. Lots of algae. Help.
Plumbing	bottom track 15' pool. We recently were given a 15' above ground pool but 3 or 4 of the bottom tracks were rusted beyond use. W
Plumbing	15'x42'intexpool with small hole.. I have a 15''x42'' intex pool with a hole in the side bottom of pool with water in it how do
Plumbing	What is wrong my pool liner is slipping. My pool is a 30x54 we have had it for about 7 years we have never had any problems.  W
Plumbing	Pool cover. Hi I have just installed a pool cover, how long do I need to run the filter with a pool cover in use.
Plumbing	Ground is not level. How can I level out my ground for my pool? I just got it out and set it out and nitced it was not sitting 
Plumbing	When to buy a hot tub for best deals. Hot Tub places in my area (Oklahoma) always have sales, however, is there really a good t
Plumbing	Wall out of track. We have installed a 15 x30 above ground pool, and while filling it the metal walls have bulged out of the tr
Plumbing	Cleaning the hard plastic rim of above ground pool. What type solution is safe for cleaning and protecting the hard plastic rim
Plumbing	Above Ground Pool Not Level. We are in the process of installing our 15 x 30 x 52 oval above ground pool.  We have just put the
Plumbing	Above ground pool liner with wrinkles. Can anyone tell us how to get wrinkles out of an overlap above ground pool when you are 
Plumbing	Need a installer for above ground pool. My name is John and I'm from the Wish Upon A Star Foundation of Joliet Illinois. I have
Plumbing	Ground setup for above ground pool. Do I go out further than pool size and how much do I dig out and how much sand do I use its
Plumbing	moen positemp has water coming out of both the spout and the shower head at the same. moen positemp has water coming out of bot
Plumbing	Doughboy pool. I recently purchased a used Doughboy pool.  The person I bought it from closed on the house in January and does 
Plumbing	Bubbles coming through jets. Why do I have bubbles coming through the jets?....how do I get rid othem?  Thanks,  Autum
Plumbing	Can a Vinyl liner be fitted into a Kidney shaped Gunite Concrete. I live in Montreal and have a Gunite concrete kidney shaped p
Plumbing	Fill in low spots?. Recently installed a 15 x 30 above ground. In a rather large rain storm, some of the inside cove sand washe
Plumbing	Two filters. My son bought a pool from a friend. He has installed it. It has two filters.  The one with the motor looks like it
Plumbing	Invisable hole in my pool. I have an above ground pool and filled it up and the water level went down half way, I then refilled
Plumbing	Dirt coming back in pool. We have a problem with the dirt coming back in our above ground pool.The pool is only 1 yr old. We ch
Plumbing	Filter opperation. I was told  I do not need gravel in the bottom of my sand filter is this true.
Plumbing	Bumpy bottom on above ground pool. We just had a 24ft above ground pool installed last Saturday.  The floor bottom is bumpy in 
Plumbing	Pool wall buckling. We just purchased and had an above ground pool installed.  Within a week I noticed that one panel of the po
Plumbing	esther williams beaded liner install. i put up my bead receiver and there is a 3 in overlay. where they touch are they suppose 
Plumbing	Hot tub. We have a new hot tub and we have had someone putting in the chemicals for the last little while as she has one of her
Plumbing	water heater not heating well after gas turned off. The gas to my home was shut off for a repair.  After it was turned back on 
Plumbing	Ground is unlevel. I am a widow, who lives alone. I have purchased a pool for my yard. I went to set it up and noticed my groun
Plumbing	water hammer arresters. If pair of water chambers were installed in your laundry room in a condo.  but there is still water ham
Plumbing	Californian deluxe spa. I was wondering how to connect an ipod/cd to it, also it has a bad smell from the water, what chemicals
Plumbing	coast spa trouble codes. can someone tell me what error code (Prr) indicates. I didn't see it on the Coast Spa site, under thei
Plumbing	washer drain line. my washer drains ok, but when it is draining, the washers backs up into my bathtub. what can I do?
Plumbing	Removing broken pipe threading from inside another pipe. While trying to unscrew the shower flange (the pipe that comes out of 
Pools	error codes. I recently sold my 2004 Marquis Mirage spa to a friend so this is second hand information. He hooked it up filled 
Pools	Inground Spa Seating Layout. Pool spa Â  Hello, We are in the process of building a new pool/spa. Our spa will be a 7' x 10' rec
Pools	school. i live in tampa florida, i work installing coping and tile in the pools and spas, but i would like to build the whole p
Pools	lack of pressure from pool wall. my pool sweep does not appears to have enought pressure to push the sweep. i back washed the d
Pools	Pool problems. We have a skimmer that seems to be stopped up, or something. Â It is closest to the pump. Â The one farther down s
Pools	POOL CLOSING -WATER LEVEL. QUESTION: I have a concrete inground marbelite pool, and every year I have the dilema of what level 
Pools	Spa nozzle in concrete pool. Spa jet Â  Hi there. I have a few spa jets installed in my pool. I have removed the internal with m
Pools	Hayward Pump. Hi Craig, 2 Questions  1 16x32 pool DE3620 filter how many HP pump? 2 20x40 pool De4820 filter hoe many HP pump?
Pools	seals. QUESTION: When replacing the strainer gasket to the pump, what type of lubricant can/should I use? Can I use a hosehold 
Pools	low water level in inground pool. QUESTION: Hi, I have been losing huge amounts of water, with or without the pump running. Â We
Pools	Swimming Pool Wall & Ceiling Paint. could you tell me if i am right to think using a specialist coating on the walls and ceilin
Pools	Backfill around a pool. When backfilling around an above ground pool whick is installed appox. 18 in the ground can I use foam
Pools	Chlorine Level in Pool. I cannot seem to keep a decent chlorine level. Â I opened in May, superchlorinated with Cal Hypo. Â So fa
Pools	crack repair. QUESTION: I have a built in (gunite), black bottom swimming pool that I have just drained in order to give it an 
Pools	Tile and Coping. We are having our pool renovated. Â The general contractor has a sub doing the tile and coping. Â The first copi
Pools	kooldeck repair/removal. I need to either repair my existing Kool decking or remove it and then refinish the concrete. Â I remov
Pools	Waterline Tile Replacement. QUESTION: I have an inground plaster pool that the tile has cracked. I live in Indiana where pool f
Pools	Rust from rebar at bottom of pool. My husband and I had a pool built 14 years ago. Â 4 years after it was built, a rust stain se
Pools	ClearO3 Ozone Sanitizing System by Paramount. Robert, I am trying to decide whether to use the UltraPure sytem or go with the C
Pools	Hayward Sand Filter backwash valve reassembly. The handle on our Hayward Sand Filter backwash assembly broke off. Â We got a new
Pools	painting above ground pool. Good afternoon - Â I have a 24' round above ground pool. Â It is steel with a decorative wrap around 
Pools	What Type of Pool Should We Install - Ozone or Salt?. Frank,  We are in the process of getting bids to put in a pool and are co
Pools	What kind of pool do I have?. We bought a house that is built into the side of a hill. The pool is at the same level as the Â ma
Pools	pool panels rusting. QUESTION: Hi Roger, We had an inground salt water pool installed 2 years ago. Â Last year noticed that the 
Pools	hayward de pro-grid filter question. Hi, I installed my own inground pool two years ago. Â Opened it up this week and after the 
Pools	Keeping a pool closed for summer time. Deb: hello...  I live in Oklahoma... I have a 22,000 gal pool (in ground)... it is 11 ft
Pools	Cloudy/dirty water. Hi! Ok, here we go - We just had all of our grids replaced in our Hayward DE filter, After 4 days now, wate
Pools	2 questions. First: I have solar panels and repleaced my pool pump. Â The original pump was 3/4 horsepower the new one is 1.50 h
Pools	Common Equipment Spa and Pool. I have a 14' X 28' 15,500 gallon pool that is about 13 years old. My problem is with the attache
Pools	inground concrete swimming pool. QUESTION: we have an inground pool, it is losing water, the ground is very wet at the deep end
Pools	No pressure on sand filter. QUESTION: I have a 15 x 30 oval above ground pool. I am not getting a pressure reading on the sand 
Pools	How To Clean A pool neglected for years.. QUESTION: We have a pool which is an inground vinyl lined pool. Approx. 16 x 32 with 
Pools	swimming pool steps. Thanks for the quick response! Â You are right that we live in the South and use granular clorine to super
Pools	Spa Jet assembly and refit. QUESTION: Hi There Are there spec diagrams available of the assembly of a standard rotating spa jet
Pools	Above ground pool not level. Hello Ron,  A good friend of mine recently bought an oval shaped above-ground pool for her back ya
Pools	intel easy set pool mainenance. I have a 16' x 42' Intel easy set pool. Â I follow directions for chemicals but still have to fi
Pools	Replacing a 25 year old fiberglass spa. Should I replace my in ground spa with a gunite spa or stay with fiberglass? Â Is gunite
Pools	adding a spill in spa. How would i add a spill over hot tub to an in-ground pool so that the hot tub would gain priority on hea
Pools	Drastic drop in water level. My swimming pool looses water up to 8cm in 12 hours, but the loss stops immediately the water leve
Pools	swimming pool. 1. Please estimate the number of gallons (or liters) of water my swimming pool holds? It is rectangular, about 3
Pools	Problems with new gunite pool. I'm re submitting this because I think I entered my email address wrong:-)  Our pool was built i
Pools	Drain and Fill. I recently took a water sample to Leslie's Pool shop for analysis and they said I needed to completely drain an
Pools	black algae salt water pool. I have a chlorinator but got a lot of Â black algae growing in strings, I cannot feel  any cracks. 
Pools	pump and filter looses prime. My swimming pool pump and filter looses prime and creates large bubbles on the discharge side. Â I
Pools	Algae. I live in the Columbia, SC area. We have an in ground liner pool around 27,000 gallons. I use a socks in my skimmer ba
Pools	New Pool Patio. We are in the process of installing a new gunite pool. Â We would like to install a stamped concrete deck around
Pools	gunite. I LIVE IN LOUISIANA, WHERE MOST HOMES DO NOT HAVE BASEMENTS DUE TO A HIGH WATER TABLE. I AM BUILDING A BRICK HOME THAT 
Pools	Pool Leakage Detection and Double Liner Installation. We are considering installation of a pool in a home along the riverbank, 
Pools	auto pool vac. Thanks for the quick response. Â I was not aware that the filter for an above ground pool was different than an i
Pools	pool edge. We have an in gound, Â flexible wall type pool. Â Concrete bottom with steel backed vinyl coated fiber walls. Along th
Pools	Pool Repairs. Our builder has made 3 unsatisfactory attempts to repair rust stains related to underlying re-bar. My questions a
Pools	Spa pump not pulling water. Hey, thanks in advance for help,  Got a fairly oldish spa (3 or so yrs old) took it down for the wi
Pools	Timers on in ground Pools. How long should you run the pumps on a 30,000 gallon in ground pool during the summer and during the
Pools	Silt removal from pool. Hi, I have an inground swimming pool of approx 45 meters cubed. It has been in service for about 4 year
Pools	Spillover Spa Startup. QUESTION: I have a spillover spa that I have trouble opening every year. All of the jets are working whe
Pools	In floor pop ups. We recently purchased a home with a 16,000 gallon pool. It has a Hayward C3000 pool filtration system with fl
Pools	center drain pipe that comes out of ground broke. Hello!! I have a big problem and was wondering if you have any advice for me.
Pools	Questions regarding a concrete pool. We bought a house a number of years ago with a concrete pool (in Ottawa Canada). Â At the t
Pools	pebbletec  replacing with tile at waterline. Unfortunately we didn't do our homework and on salesman's recommendation put pebbl
Pools	SLATWATER POOL. so we can add the Black Algaecide to a saltwater pool, what is a good testing kit, does the algea like Muratic 
Pools	Pool / Pump / Waterfall. We just had a natural rock waterfall installed and now that it is finished the water just trickles out
Pools	A Few Questions Before We Buy A Pool. Ron, I asked another expert one of these questions, but forgot a few things:  (1) I live 
Pools	Acrylic spillover spa. Our spa has two holes in it. We have unsuccessfully tried to get someone to repair. Â It is a 6 1/2 ' and
Pools	Leaching on rolled bond beam. We have calcified leaching on our pebble tec rolled bond beam starting above the tile in our 
Pools	Pool Settling. we just had installed a 14x30 inground fiberglass pool. Â We noticed this morning it has settled on one end about
Pools	Raising Pool Coping. I have a 60's era pool with standard concrete coping and a poured cement deck. Â It is looking pretty tired
Pools	noisy filter. Our pool filter has become really noisy and the water return into the pool has become really weak. Â Could you giv
Pools	gfci / tightwat2 / two speed pump. I HAVE INSTALLED A 2POLE THREE WIRE 20AMP GFCI THERE ARE FOUR WIRES COMING OUT OF THE BREAKE
Pools	Repairs on Old Pools. I have a rental house with a 40-50 year old pool that needs re-plastering and to fix a crack just under t
Pools	diamondbrite patch?. My five year old Diamond Bright resurface has a 24 diameter un bonding Â where it has separated from the g
Pools	spa cycling  off and on every 10 minutes. Have a Beachcomber spa, motor(240v 2 speed) went bad recently so I replaced both pump
Pools	Filer size required for popups. What size filter is recommeded for the pop-up system on a fresh water pool. My current filer is
Pools	no flow from spa waterfall to pool. I have a 36 by 19 inground pool,recently there has been very little flow from the spa overf
Pools	scale or scum on new inground fibreglass pool. Craig, we have just had a professionally [haha] installed fiberglass 4.5m x 11.8
Pools	replacement spa jets parts needed. I have a 28 year old very well kept in ground spa that is built in a concrete foundation wit
Pools	above ground pools. I just tried to turn on my pump and filter and it makes a buzzing noise for about 30 seconds and turns off.
Pools	concrete pool multiple issues. 1. i have a in ground concrete pool approx 40 years old. Â the pool was shortened by about 12' by
Pools	Pump loosing suction while vacuuming. Help! Â I have an inground pool with a sand filter. Â The pool when set to filter runs grea
Pools	Suction Leak. Last summer we were losing water overnight. Â It dropped down to the bottom of the skimmer and stopped . Â When the
Pools	replacing pool water. Hello, Frank:   Under what conditions would it be appropriate to commpletely change out the pool water? (
Pools	Depth Conversion. I have a classic 60's gunite diving pool, 16 x 36 with a springy 12 foot diving board. Â Depth is about 8 feet
Pools	Hot tub. I drained my hot tub yesterday to clean it, filled it back up with water via filter hole, turned power back on and eve
Pools	Gunite appearance/heater question. Hi Bob,  Great advice that you give. I have a gunite pool in the Northeast and the replaster
Pools	Kool Deck Cracks. Good Afternoon,   Â Â I have just removed a Hot Tub from my pool decking and discovered a large crack underneat
Pools	Kooldeck staining. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Dear Bob, I have recently put in a pool in my home in St
Pools	Spa problem. I'm having problems with my spa continuously tripping the breaker. Â Each time I reset the breaker I hear a click s
Pools	Trying to make decisions for my new pool. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Bob, Â In reference to my heater B
Pools	Rust stains in a gunite pool. We are in the process of purcahsing a home and during the inspection 2 half dollar size dark rust
Pools	spa overflow material. My contractor wants to use the same paver type blocks that is being used for the coping for the overflow
Pools	water supply. Would you know, or might you be able to refer me to someone that would have a working knowledge of self drilled w
Pools	Pool Tile Grout. Appreciate your wanting to stay out of disputes but I could really use help. Â Pool Contractor installed new ti
Pools	Spa keeps overheating.. We've has a tech come out twice now because our 1 yr old spa keeps Overheating. They have replaced th
Pools	colors. Hi Robert,  I am getting ready to have my pool resurfaced and fitted with a salt chlorinator. Years ago I remember seei
Pools	plumbing design. Hi Robert I am constructing a 4 person Spa & wish to source info on plumbing design. My energy source is tot
Pools	First-time Home Owner with a  Pool. I am a novice at computers and also at pool equipment. Â I recently purchased a home with a 
Pools	swimmingpool with waterfall jacuzzi. the jacuzzi works fine when bypassing heater ,but when i have to pass pool pump when off t
Pools	black stain on pool grout. We have a small pool that is new. Â It has a salt water system. Â Our tile is glass  pebbles and the w
Pools	Pool/spa losing water. I have a pool/spa combination. Â The spa is at a slightly higher level than the pool. Â We bought this hou
Pools	Cement Pool. I have just finished putting in a cement pool for my dogs. Â I know spoiled or what? Â We have 2 newfs a great Pyren
Pools	Hot Spring Model Sovereign I. I cannot control the temperature of the water. Â It remains at 110 F no matter where I set the tem
Pools	small depris from return jets. I have a new 24 Sta-Rite Crystal Flow Sand Filter and 1HP Hayward Super Pump. Â The installer ad
Pools	Waterproofing Gunite Pool. I was wondering how the gunite or cement is waterproofed for a pool. I know  that when I cemented my
Pools	Pool Vacuuming. We recently purchased a new home that came with a very dirty above ground pool. Â We have gotten the water clear
Pools	Pool pump back flow. I have an inground pool with a sand filter. Â We changed the sand last week. Â Before we changed, and occsio
Pools	Commercial Pool Maintenance Fees. Roger,  I own a Commercial Lawn Care company in South Dakota.  One of my clients has a comple
Pools	New easy snap pool purchase: maintenance. I just purchased a 10ft (circumference) by 30 high summer escapes easy set pool. The
Pools	Red stains. my friend has a pool which has developed a lot of red stains on it. Her pool cleaner told her this was due to volca
Pools	air in line from where it goes into pool both sides. air in pool dicharge from filter to pool Â both sides i keep trying  bleede
Pools	Loose Above Ground Pool Liner. I have a 24 foot above ground pool. I've noticed that the liner slips under my feet and that it 
Pools	laterals. I have been reading some of the answers in this column and the experts often refer to laterals. I am not familiar w
Pools	Tiling Pools. I am having a terrible time finding information. Â I look at so many pool pictures that are 100% tiled and when it
Pools	In ground pool stairs stains. My pool is 6 years old and my stairs below the water line has a yellowish stain for about an inch
Pools	Moving into new house with inground.  Leaving for weeklong vacation 4 days later.  What do i do?. Hi,  I know that sounds crazy
Pools	d e pool filter. I just bought a house with Â an above ground pool and it has a D E filter system. How does D E work, how much d
Pools	Chlorine Lock. Hello, I think I have chlorine lock, I have an above ground pool, aprox 13,000 gallons of water w DE filter. For
Pools	Dirt or Mustard Algae?. Hi. Â I have a 24 ft above ground pool, and need to know whether I'm dealing with mustard algae or just 
Pools	Pool skimmer/Bottom drain blocked?. Hi, I have a skimmer setup very similar to the question posted on 6/7/2006 (i.e two ports i
Pools	oak tree stains on gunite. Dear Deb,  My pool is surrounded by live oak trees. Â I cover it during spring when leaves and pollen
Pools	Above Ground Pool liner leak. I read through quite a few questions/answers regarding pool liner leaks. Most were for inground p
Pools	Staining a Gunite Pool. Is it possible to use a concrete stain on top of plaster and have it hold up underwater? Â If not stain,
Pools	cool-decking. We had our pool completely renovated last year and our pool person strongly suggested we put cool decking over ou
Pools	Dead Drain?. I have as inground gunite pool. Â At one corner at the outside edge of the concrete deck is a pvc pipe coming up ju
Pools	Water Level in Spa. My pool filters thru the hot tub and into the pool from the spillway. When the system is off the water leve
Pools	Not sucking hard.. I have a newer pump and DE filter system. Â It has worked fine for a couple  months. Â Recently it started to 
Pools	solar cover. I want to purchase a solar cover for my pool (as they are cheaper now), there are so many types. What would you re
Pools	sand & gravel in pump basket. Hi, hope you can help. I am getting sand and small gravel in my inground pool pump basket. Filter
Pools	replaster or fiberglass. We have an inground 40K gallon plaster finished pool built about 1950 needing resurfacing. Our neighbo
Pools	spa pump housing. pump housing Ron! I hope you can help me find/identify a circulation/filter pump that is on a AO Smith motor.
Pools	When to replace sand in pool filter. Our new pool management company has suggested that we replace the sand in the filters for 
Pools	Cause of stains on plaster?. My new pool developed a number (thirty) of small brown spots on the plaster surface shortly after 
Pools	Pool Pump Thrusting. Ok, I have an in-ground pool and hot tub sharing the same pump. When we run the hot tub, the pressure in t
Pools	bubbles in return line. Have bubbles in return jets to fiberglass pool. Â Runs bubble free for about 10 -15 min. If i continue t
Pools	pool repiping and new skimmer. I am currently getting ready to repipe my pool and decided to replace skimmer at the Â Â same time
Pools	sand filter-vacuum. Hello- When I attempt to vacuum the sand or debris from the bottom of my pool, sand blows back in!! Which o
Pools	indoor swimming pool ceiling materials. can you advise me please if i can use a gypsum board for the ceiling of indoor swimming
Pools	skimmer basket help + losing water. Hi, Thanks for offereing your expert advice. I purchased a home last June with an inground 
Pools	pool motor replacement. my current in ground pool has a Centurian 2 speed motor SF 1.1 2 HP .33 Â Â Â My pool guy says the part wi
Pools	connecting pool to fire hydrant. Hello Frank--  We are looking into connecting our pool to a fire hydrant. If we do connect and
Pools	Swimming Pool cleaning. I recently moved into a house that has an inground swimming pool. Â I am not sure how to clean it. Â The 
Pools	Cool Deck Removal. Where do I find instruction on the removal of old cool decking from around an existing pool? Â What type of m
Pools	Ho tub-second floor. We are currently in the process of a home renovation. Â We have a desire to place a 6 person Â (if possible)
Pools	Pool Filter Pump Pressure. My pool Filter Hayward pump pressure was running just fine, I recently cleaned the filter due to Alg
Pools	Ultra Guard Paint. Can you tell me if you have ever heard of Ultra Guard paint. Its sponsor (Pool Restoration,in Mt. Laurel, N.
Pools	Swimming Pool Replaster yes or no ?. I purchased a home with a pool about 11 years ago. The pool was built in around 1980. When
Pools	Punp timer. Why is my pool pump timer turning counter-clockwise and how do i fix it??
Pools	bond beam. water seeping through the side of the pool on one side, after calling 3 repair companies they kinda all said the sam
Pools	Bubbling in Gunite pool surface. Hi,   I have an indoor gunite pool (about 20,000 gallons). Â Recently I noticed there are thous
Pools	low pressure, but good pool flow. We have an old DE (18 years)Hayward Pac Fab filter. Â It started up fine but suddenly pressure
Pools	pool suction problems. My system seems to be getting air in it somehow. I have checked the intake section before the pump. Repl
Pools	cover. Above Ground Pool in Virginia, Last night big wind strom even with weights holding down the cover it blew off and now is
Pools	Air in the line?. For the past two days I have seen leaves floating around in my filter basket, but when I shut off the pump to
Pools	pool patio. hi  putting in an inground cement/vinyl pool. Â for the patio would it be better to put rca with 4inch slab of cemen
Pools	Installing a vinyl liner pool. I am thinking about buying a vinyl liner pool and installing it myself. Â I live in a valley and 
Pools	vinyl liner of in-ground pool pulled away from pool wall. Â  QUESTION: I have a 25 foot octagon in ground pool (approx 22,000 ga
Pools	Missing chlorine?. I have a 16,000-gal. pool, which I normally maintain with 3 chlorine tabs in 2 floaters, plus chlorine shoc
Pools	Acid washing Pebble Tech. I have a black pebble tech pool about 4 years old. My hardness level is over 600 time to drain. Â I ha
Pools	jacuzzi has no bubbles. Our jacuzzi has no pressure. At one point it was working fine. But it has since gone wrong. Some of the
Pools	Sand bottom problem. Mudslide Â  QUESTION: I recently purchased a new liner for my inground pool. The installers came by yesterd
Pools	lable missing on filter. we bought a used aquatools filter AT 3120 1.5 hp and label is missing from top that handle points to b
Pools	pool. Our kreepy krauly hasnt been working all summer therefore we now have green algae. We tried shock treatment and algaecide
Pools	cleaning out clogged lines. Ron I recently purchased a home with an inground pool. The pool is an Anthony gunite pool approx 18
Pools	Light niche leak. I have an inground pool with a vinyl liner and I have a leak. The water has gone down just below the light an
Pools	Pump won't start. Hi Deb. I have a pump that is about a year and a half old, and haven't had any problems with it. Two days ago
Pools	Pool Plaster Dry. My mom lives next to a manger road that the city is winding and in doing so they filled her pool with dirt. W
Pools	Pool Deck. My pool cool deck is cracking and large patches are coming up. Â How can I fix this and is it something I can do myse
Pools	Salt cell (flakes). Hi Deb, I have a salt water pool, I've had problems with small suspended flakes in my pool now for 4 yrs. M
Pools	fiberglass hottub. I have a hot tub that was her when I moved in 6 years ago. It is inground. I'm not sure of the age of it. Fo
Pools	Pump Not Priming or Moving Water. I live in the Dallas,TX area and a few weeks ago in a wind storm a toggle switch for the spa 
Pools	leak in pool. OK. I have a inground pool 3 ft deep in shallow sloping to an 3 ft hopper with a bottom drain. Skimmer at deep en
Pools	Vinyl liner for a gunite pool. I am interested in putting a vinyl liner in an old gunite pool. Â The plaster is in bad shape- I 
Pools	calcium buildup. What do u suggest i use to scrub calcium buildup on the tile in my pool and heavy buildup on the rock waterfal
Pools	water problem. I hope I can explain this correctly. Â When I run my pool there is some water coming out of the place where the w
Pools	Pool filter on Filter Mode but backwashes. Hi, my Hayward pool filter seems to be about 15% backwashing even when I have it in 
Pools	Making a concrete pool shallower. QUESTION: I've got a concrete pool that I wish to make 6 inches shallower. Â Is this possible?
Pools	Groundwater leaking into pool light. Hello My pool has been redone. The pool was completely tiled Â using glass tiles. Even on t
Pools	hard water removal from rock. looking for a product that removes hard water from natural stone. i have fountians that shoot wat
Pools	TILE PLACEMENT. WHERE SHOULD THE TILE PLACMENT IN REFERENCE TO THE WATER AND THE SKIMMER.
Pools	Plumbing.. Craig,  I'm in the process of remodel my pool (re-plaster, new tiles & coping ...).  Should I also redo the plumbing
Pools	New Home Old Pool. Hi Mike,  I recently purchased an older home in Los Angeles. Â The inground pool was regularly maintained by 
Pools	venturi jets. i have water coming out of my air line when pump is on?why
Pools	pump too loud!!. I have an in-ground gunite pool that was built 3 1/2 years ago that holds 13,000 gallons of water (16X24 and 3
Pools	pool resurfacing. We currently have a diamondbrite finish on our commercial condominium pool. Â It has been suggested that we re
Pools	Valves and lines. I recently moved into a home with a pool. I would like to understand the pump and valves. I remember from gro
Pools	Ozone with Salt Water Unit. Is it necessary to have Ozone with a salt water unit? Â Would Nature2 work with a salt water unit?
Pools	need new pool motor. QUESTION: my current in ground pool has a Centurian 2 speed motor SF 1.1 2 HP .33 Â Â Â My pool guy says the 
Pools	Drain cover. QUESTION: Hi,  I've got a very old inground concrete pool that I've done a lot of cosmetic work to. The pool was i
Pools	space requirement & location of pool equipment. We are building a contemporary ranch home. Â Will have an in-ground saltwater re
Pools	Pool rebuild. I live in South Africa. Â I have a large, old pool (+- 125,000 litres). Â It is an inground, concrete shell pool wi
Pools	Hot Tub GFCI. QUESTION: Hi- Â Â Â I just got a used hot tub. 110v with a built in GFCI. From what I've read, the 110v spas only re
Pools	pool/spa cleaner. I recently purchased a house that included a 25,000 gallon inground pool with a spa. The house was built in 1
Pools	Maintenance of gunite pool. We live in the Dallas/Fort Worth area of Texas. Â We have a gunite pool that is about 18 years old. 
Pools	Poor Pool Circulation. QUESTION: Hi OK so we left the pool unattended for a month or so and now we are paying for it. We have s
Pools	Leak in pool. My pool was done in 2005 - I chose Diamond Brite becausse of the 10 year warranty. Â Pool has lifetime warranty fo
Pools	sand filter nightmares. i have a 18 ft above ground pool an a sand filter system, with a multiport valve. the valve leaks at th
Pools	space requirement. I want to install an ingound pool, but Im not sure how far it has to be from the house, or other structures 
Pools	piping. I have a pacfab de filter w/ a push pull valve. I wanted to convert to 6 way valve and add a salt cell. My question is 
Pools	looks like sand in pool. QUESTION: I have to vac my pool everyday because it looks like sand on the bottom. But when i go to to
Pools	Intake cover. QUESTION: Hi Craig,  I have an inground pool that is probably 30 years old. Â I've only had it about a year. Â I've
Pools	suck cup. Today when i was closing my pool, my son took one of the black rubber plugs (with wing nut on top) and tossed in the 
Pools	Reinforced concrete base.. Hi Frank We live in Spain and along with our builder we are about to construct a 4m x 3m x 1.6m pond
Pools	Brick coping. I wanted pre-cast coping around my gunite pool, but my pool builder cannot find any here in Florida. He's pushing
Pools	Geothermal pool cooling. I have an idea to cool my pool (that reaches 90 plus in summer) I would bury 1/2 inch plastic tubing 6
Pools	Hydrogen Peroxide/UV pool disinfection. I have developed a sensitivity to bromine and have heard about a new H2O2/ultraviolet p
Pools	Hot Tub Pump Housing Crack. Hi Frank: I waited a bit too long to fill up our outdoor hot-tub this fall and discovered a crack (
Pools	skimmer stopped sucking. Yesterday every thing worked fine the skimmer and the pool vacuum. I noticed however that the pressure
Pools	Low Speed Pump Function not Working. QUESTION: I have a model year 2001 Emerald Cygnus 2009 Spa with Balboa DS-4 controls. Â I a
Pools	gunite pool 20+ years old. We moved into house 6 years ago and have had pool service open, maintain and close annually. Â The pa
Pools	loss of suction. QUESTION: When my inground pool turns on there are no jets bubbling. I check the filter bskt and it is slow mo
Pools	Gunite Pool Maintenance. We recently purchased a foreclosed house with a kidney shaped, gunite inground pool. Â It is fairly l
Pools	Automatic Pool Cleaners & Salt Systems. Any buying tips on purchasing an automatic pool cleaner? I live in South Florida and de
Pools	Refinishing a pool.. I have a gunite pool that started to bubble, so I have been removing the finish on it to redo it. Â The pro
Pools	swimming pool water. I have a new pool, ingrond, 2 years young, i am getting staning, in the corners of the poolaroun the botto
Pools	spa heater problem. QUESTION: Just bought a propane spa heater, it ran well for a few weeks, then it started to rumble and vibr
Pools	skimmer replacement in a concrete  pool. I've recently bought a home with a mid-1970's concrete pool. Â Both skimmers were sever
Pools	new water 16x32. QUESTION: Roger, In what order do I add chemicals (and what chemicals) to new city water? Also what is hold-i
Pools	DE filter grig. Hi Roger, My filter keeps flow the DE powder back to the pool. I clean the grids and some of them are broken (t
Pools	Indoor wall construction for pool/spa. I was wondering what materials can be used to build the walls for an indoor pool area. I
Pools	pool help. i am just moving into this house, and it has a inground pool. Â I'm unsure how many gallons it is, but it is 10 ft de
Pools	Pentair Intellichlor Chlorine Generator. I have gone through 2 of these and again, on my latest one the cell light keeps blinki
Pools	Swimming Pool Maintainance. What do you consider the normal maint. of a 30,000 gal. pool with low usage to be on a weekly/month
Pools	HOW TO CLEAN THE WATER IN THE SPA. QUESTION: We just bought a foreclosed house and a spa was included in the purchase. Â The spa
Pools	Loosing pool water. My service company felt that my skimmer needed to be re-cemented to stop a water leak Â This season I seem t
Pools	DE filter - high presure. Hi Roger, I have Hayward DE filter system. the gauge reads 20 - 25 psi and blows the DE back into the
Pools	Bubbles when pool turns on. Just recently when my pool turns on there are many bubbles coming out of the 2 main sets in the poo
Pools	pool will not hold chlorine. I have a 22,000 gallon vinyl inground pool. Â since mid July the pool won't hold chlorine for more 
Pools	black film causing vinyl liner to lose its color. pool liner I have an indoor salt water pool with a triton fiberglass sand fil
Pools	Commercial Spa: Plaster or Tile. Recently, we have been obtaining quotes to re-plaster an interior commercial hot water spa in 
Pools	swimming pool / how to blow out skimmer. I HAVE AN INGROUND GUNITE POOL WITH CERAMIC TILE AROUND THE PERIMETER. WHEN CLOSING I 
Pools	New POOL. I'm in the Quote phase of a new pool - whats better equipment - Jandy, Hayward, Pentair ? Pool will be about 14,000 g
Pools	Gunite Pool Repair/Resurfacing. I am looking a purchasing a home that is approx. 30 yrs old with a gunite pool. Â The pool doesn
Pools	Grey discoloration in plaster. I have a salt water in ground pool that is 1 year old and I have dark grey patches on the steps 
Pools	Rust Spots on Pool Plaster. We built a new home in Naples, FL with an inground pool. Â After about 1 year in service, we noticed
Pools	Pool bulges in bottom of pool-cracking?. Hi. We emptied our pool to get the tiles redone as they were falling off after 15 year
Pools	Spa Drain. My spa keeps draining on its own every hour i have to keep filling it up even when i turn evrything off it still dra
Pools	leak in spa. We have a small leak coming from the base of the brick spa - right at the mortar. The leak is only visible when th
Pools	center drain - above ground pool. I have a hairline crack leak on the valve where the center drain line comes up to the motor. 
Pools	drastic pool colour change. I have salt chlorinator. The pool was crystal clear yesterday ; no salt has been available locally 
Pools	controlling water level in pools. Bought a gadget from my local pool store, attached it to the water line and this fills up my 
Pools	spa water level dropping after pumps shuts off. Jandy Valves I have a pool/spa combination where the spa is higher than the poo
Pools	suction line leak. Hello - I am in South Africa - not sure if you are happy to answer non USA queries. If so I thank you in adv
Pools	Filling pool permanently. We would like to permanently fill our in-ground pool but have no idea where to start. Can you give us
Pools	pool cool deck. What is the white cement/sand ratio for one unit(300 SqFt bag) of cool deck mix.
Pools	Possible skimmer line blockage. I have a 10K gallon residential pool in Tampa, FL area. I have a Haywood pump. Use chlorine tab
Pools	pumping to solar panels. QUESTION: I had a company install a solar heater on my roof. Â The solar panels broke in a year....long
Pools	One jet not working. My pool is an ungrounded pool with a built in Jacuzzi. There are four jets in the Jacuzzi. Three jets are 
Pools	skimmer. The suction in our skimmer basket doesn't seem to be working. the water is at the right level, the pump is working but
Pools	only one of four spa jets working. only one of four jets has anything coming out of my spa attached to my pool. I can see stand
Pools	cleaning slate. i have slate all around the edge of my pool and spa that dumps into the pool where most people have tile. What 
Pools	Bed joints. I had a in ground pool installed in October, 2010 in the Phoenix area. Â My pool has started to separate between the
Pools	20 year old pool. Hi, We were giving an above ground pool 24ft round, I was wondering how long would it last, if we were to ins
Pools	Pool Vacuum. I have a pool shark that usually moves slowly but cleans. Over the winter it has stopped working - no vacuum comin
Pools	mold in the corners of inground pool. Hi,  I have mold growing above the water line in one corner of my in ground pool. We have
Pools	Patching. I was wandering how to patch a intex pool we have patches!! and i was wandering if the go on the outside of in side c
Pools	Not generating chlorine. I have a salt water system. All chemicals in my water are at acceptable levels and there are no error 
Pools	Winterizing: Draining Skimmer Lines. In one skimmer basket I have cleared one line, however the second line in the basket I can
Pools	Pool Lights Keep Blowing. Hi, I have a problem with some 12 Volt 300W halogen Pool Lights. These are fed by a 6mm cable and ten
Pools	cemented hole with lid.. Have a inground pool and about 2 feet away from the walk around the pool is a hole looks like cemented
Pools	Pool light keeps popping out of base. We had a pool remodel approx 3 years ago. Â When removing the plaster they broke the brack
Pools	Draining an inground pool. I am an 8th grade student doing ascience fair project on draining a swimming pool to winterize. Â Why
Pools	Pool Cover Algea. QUESTION: The pool is closed for the winter but of course water accumulates on teh cover when it rains. I'm g
Pools	tile falling off new gunite pool. Within one year after my gunite pool was installed the glass one inch tiles in the boarder be
Pools	Pool chemicals and black algae. Hi Craig,  We have a colored gunite pool that was installed 1 1/2 years ago. The person who ins
Pools	mesh pool cover. I just bought a new mesh pool cover, I had a heavy solid cover last year that held water and debris badly and 
Pools	no circulation in one skimmer. Hi, I'm having a problem with the circulation in one of my skimmers. The other one is working fi
Pools	Fiberglass Pool Question. I have a swimming pool that is about 20 years old. I bought the house in 2005 and had the pool inspec
Pools	vacuum hose stuck down skimmer intake. Hi, I have same problem as 06/20/08 - vacuum hose stuck  hard in skimmer of inground poo
Pools	De filters. What causes D.E.to get in the pool when filter is running?? We have cleaned filter twice and 0- ring and small scre
Pools	Pool refinish. I just finish doing the pool with diamond brite and installing saltinator. They said that I need to brush the po
Pools	Pool shell leak. QUESTION: We are building a pool and a couple of months ago we had our pool shell sprayed with concrete. Prior
Pools	Mustard (tan) algae. Hi Ron, We live in upstate NY and have had an inground pool for 27 years. We are really frustrated with ou
Pools	In Ground Cleaning Systems. Hi,  Â Â My husband and I are looking to build a pool this summer and we've heard alot about these ne
Pools	Complete overhaul?. Hi,  We recently purchased a home in Connecticut with an inground gunite pool. Â The pool is around 35-40 ye
Pools	leaks in pool above ground. Pool began leaking over 4 inches in a 24 hour period then stopped leaking right below the skimmer l
Pools	air leak. How do you find air leak in above ground pool? Â Top round is leaking (slowly).  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Thankyou for any 
Pools	Pool is cloudy. First The pump housing broke and that cause an agie problem replace the pump (Flotek 1/12 horse)added cooper ox
Pools	Peeling above ground pool liner. My above ground pool liner seems to be peeling. Looks like it has a really bad sunburn on the 
Pools	Skimmer air leak. I read your answer that you gave Geoff. Â I don't have black pipes with clamps. Â I have PVC pipes with screw t
Pools	filter pressure question. thanks for the reply, i'll buy a better gage. i just figured it had to be ok as i did put my hand ove
Pools	Is it possible to repair an above-ground pool?. Hi, my family has an above-ground pool that got a tear in one section of the wa
Pools	winter pool cover. I have a large (35,000 GALLONS) inground pool. Â I have to buy a cover for the winter. Which one is the best 
Pools	Purging pipes  to close pool. Hi,  I want to close my inground pool. This is my first time. I have the chemicals ( pool burn, C
Pools	Pool cracking and level shift. My inground plaster pool has developed 6 cracks in the plaster. Â At least one of the cracks are 
Pools	winterizing above ground pool. This is going to sound silly, but I drained my pool down to just below the return valve, put an 
Pools	Cloudy pool after removing algea. Hi Deb, First of all thank you for your advise on how to clear my gree pool. Â As you said, af
Pools	Removing Algae. Deb, My water in the pool cleared up. The algae fell to the bottom and stayed there. I had used aclarifier to h
Pools	Vinyl Liner Replacement Cost. I have a swimming pool (kidney shaped 16x34) with a custom vinyl liner. Â It has slipped from the 
Pools	Mustard algae problem. Hi,  We have an older in-ground concrete pool with serious mustard algae accumulation. The mustard algae
Pools	multiport valve for sand filter. QUESTION: Is Â there a difference between the multiport valves for sand filters and DE filters?
Pools	sand from filter in pool. I do I know if a lateral is damaged ?  To replace do I need to empty all the sand and do they fold up
Pools	tiny black spots. we have a small inground gunite pool. Â this summer we have noticed lots of tiny black spots. Â our ph, chlor l
Pools	BUILDING INDOOR SWIMMING POOL. We are constructing a indoor swimming pool inside a shopping center. Â Pool temp will be 90 degre
Pools	pool resurfacing, algae. QUESTION: Our neighborhood gunite pool was resurfaced 2 years ago - 6  removed, and more gunite appli
Pools	undergroung  pool. Hello.. we recently purchased our home, when we turned the pool motor on the water return worked for a while
Pools	Inground pool equipment. Layout Â  Just trying to get a warm fuzzy if the layout; and that the equipment choices make sense.   W
Pools	starting over. I am planning on re opening our pool here in Florida. It has been empty for about 2 years. Â I am confused about 
Pools	Air bubles coming out of return line. Hello Craig,  I've just cleaned out my Anthony V52-2 filter and added DE to the system a 
Pools	FILTER AIDE?. HI! Â I have a sand filter that has strong suction/etc. Â A while ago, i had algae in our pool. Â No matter what I d
Pools	Pool tile leaking?. We have a pool that is well over 20 years old. Two years ago we had it refurbished by a company that has be
Pools	Heater stinks. I have a Raypak heater on my pool. Lately it stinks real bad when running. The smell is burning my eyes. Any ide
Pools	Gunite resurface. I am in the market for a new home and came across on e that has an inground gunite pool. Â The homeowner told 
Pools	lubricant. When replacing the strainer gasket to the pump, what type of lubricant can/should I use? Can I use a hosehold lubric
Pools	Return line leak. I have a pretty good leak and have isolated it to the return lines. Is there a way to stop the leak without h
Pools	DiamondBrite Finish Discoloration. I have an inground pool with a dark blue Diamond Brite finish installed in Dec 2003. The poo
Pools	water level decreasing and suction loss during vacuuming. Hi, I have an in-ground concrete(?) pool with a vinyl liner. Â Last ye
Pools	caretaker 99 system. I have a 9 year old pool with a caretaker 99 in it. Â The system comes on with the pump but does not cycle 
Pools	replace pool tile and resurfacing. I have a 29 year old pool that believe it or not has never been refinished. I am going to ha
Pools	Concrete leaching from fibreglass pool. Hello, I have a fibreglass pool with copped pavers around the top. The pool is currentl
Pools	new to hot tubs. I recently acquired a used Leisure bay hot tub model A101011-CA. Cat# EABBBOAOOC-CA. I understand it is better
Pools	Triton valve - where to purchase new?. Valve Â  QUESTION: Hi, my valve assembly has a crack near where the pressure gauge enters
Pools	pool light fixture. I have a pentair pool light. I am a mechanic and no electricity. The pool light did not go on. I checked th
Pools	ok to leave pool empty. we have about a 30,000 gallon pool and are going to be gone for an extended length of time (months). Â Â 
Pools	Cracked fiberglass filter hull. Our Purex Triton Nautilus FNS filter has a small crack at the juncture with the multiport valve
Pools	Painting or refinishing ou gunite pool. Our pool is a gunite pool and its about 30 years old and our surface has some pits Â and
Pools	Pool replaster. I have in ground pool that needs replaster and have had several people look and give me estimates the problem i
Pools	Hot Tub is Locked. I have a pacific hot tub that I have 'LOC'ked and can't figure out how to unlock it. Â I only have 4 buttons 
Pools	best repair pool drains. Re: Â Virginia Greame Baker Act Compliance Question: Â Â Â Our Home Owners Association is getting bids to 
Pools	swimming pool. QUESTION: Can I construct a semi-inground pool by digging a big hole and then put cement on it and then water? Â 
Pools	pool inlets. I have two returns in my rectangular pool one in the shallower end one in the other end. Â Inground pool. Â Â I would
Pools	Custom Wall Water Feature. I have a customer who is building a swimming pool with a raised bond beam along the back wall of the
Pools	THICK WHITE STREAKS BELOW WATER FALL. DEAR MIKE, I HAVE A COMPLETLY REMODELED POOL, WITH NEW PEBBLE TEK, AND REAL STONE, ALSO A
Pools	hayward sand filter problem. My husband and I replaced the sand in our sand filter a month ago and now no matter what setting o
Pools	Dirt look scatches in pool. How do I get rid of these. And is there going to be problems with this later?
Pools	Vinyl liner leak. I have a hole caused by the end of the brush pole a few years back that has reopened and I didn't catch it. I
Pools	fuzzy debris on bottom of pool?. Hello. Â I recently moved into a new house and it has an above ground pool with the Baquacil 
Pools	how to I clear this up?. I bought a house with a pool that was crystal clear at the time I closed on the house. Â It has been a 
Pools	pump kicking from high to low when light (has one hour timer) goes off???. I am trying to figure out what is going on with my 1
Pools	filter sand. How often should you change the sand and how is it typically done. Â Â i have a Jacuzzi brand pump.
Pools	decking around new pool. Bod: We are getting estimates to put a new gunite pool in (Dallas, TX) area. Â My question is what woul
Pools	pool steps. they sprayed the guinite today, our steps have a 12 inch rise. What is an average rise for pool steps? These seem t
Pools	swimpool lights. I would like a light that I can leave on all night. I had it replaced yesterday, previous one lasted six weeks
Pools	Spa overfills and then drains. We have a commercial spa with a holding tank which has the autofill valve. Â When the jets are tu
Pools	resurfacing pool. We do all of our home repair and are about to resurface our pool. Â It looks as though we have concrete and po
Pools	pool service. i have a big inground pool that i have to hire a company to clean. Â They said they would charge me $125.00/month 
Pools	gfi. We have a 24 foot above ground pool (sand filter) and just put in a heater for it.We had a gfi installed as per code and w
Pools	Filter Bleed. Lately, when I close the filter bleed valve completely the returns get turbulent-noisy and start putting out wate
Pools	Aluminum Coping. I have an inground pool (18x36) with a vinyl liner. Â I am replacing the liner. Â The aluminum coping is in good
Pools	Can I keep the pool closed all summer?. This year we are really struggling financially and I am getting anxious about the pool 
Pools	plaster problems. We had a gunite/plaster pool finished in 04/06. Â Needless to say the whole experience was a nightmare and my 
Pools	Pool too deep. My pool company just finished pouring shot crete last week and me and my wife  went into the pool and it appears
Pools	Pump Pressure. I have a DE ProGrid Filter - 5 years old. Â No problems until this year. Â The pressure on the filter builds up st
Pools	Filter Problem. I have a hayward s-200 filter for my in-ground pool. I just opened up the pool for the summer and the 2 problem
Pools	a problem pool. QUESTION: Hi Roger,  We have a brand new (6 mos old) inground, indoor 10,000 gal swimming pool. Â It has been ou
Pools	Cutting pool shell. I am having my pool 43 year old pool, replaster and repiped from cooper with a new skimmer. Â The people doi
Pools	Several Questions. QUESTION: Our pool is many years old and not in good condition when we bought our house 3 years ago because 
Pools	Heater won't fire. QUESTION: I have a minimax 200 pool/spa heater. The burners won't light. The first serviceman told me the fl
Pools	pool plumbing. I have a 1 1/2 year old gunite pool which does not have enough pressure to run the skimmer and the kreepy-krauly
Pools	Question about the skimmer. Hi, I am a new pool owner, and am confused about something. Â Inside the skimmer, there are two port
Pools	Pumps and filters?. Hello, I am getting ready to buy a house that has an in ground pool. A bank owns the property and is no hel
Pools	Pool filter. I have a DE Proline filter model LS40. It says that it is made exclusive for Namco pool stores. I was wondering if
Pools	losing sand during backwash. Hi Deb. Â I changed my filter sand this year and it went well. Â I did notice a small crack at the v
Pools	ampro sand filter. My new home and pool have a filter I am not sure how to use. Â The filter is a Ampro sand filter. Â It is a st
Pools	New pump?. We opened our inground pool over the weekend, and everything seemed to be working. But yesterday I tried to backwa
Pools	How much of the pool chemicals do I use?. Hello!  Our pool is a 15' by 42 circle (by Intex) and I don't know how much of the c
Pools	Filter pressure. Hi,  I am experiencing a couple of different things after opening the pool this May. Â I have noticed that the 
Pools	Do I need a new pump?. Hi Deb,   Â I have an in-ground pool with a sand filter. Â My issue is that there are not much sucking pow
Pools	Inground Swimming Pool Leak. We have a 16 x 32 inground vinyl lined pool. It is losing water. The water has dropped about 3-4 i
Pools	Small depression in liner of above ground pool. Hi there.  I have a 21 ft above ground pool, 5 years old, good shape. When inst
Pools	Pump Pressure / Skimmer Access. Hi Deb, We recently had a 24' above ground pool installed with a  EC50 Hayward Perflex Extended
Pools	sand in pool. Hi there, I just bought a home and it came with a pool (first time having a pool), I recently opened my pool and 
Pools	Virginia Greame Baker Act Compliance. QUESTION: Our Home Owners Association is getting bids to make repairs to comply with the 
Pools	Pump runs great but does not get to pool.. I am a new pool owner, having inherited an in-ground pool when buying this house. Â I
Pools	gunite spa drainage. Bob, We are thinking about a 4-6 person in ground gunite spa [no pool] for our backyard on a zero lot line
Pools	Gunite pool reconsturction options. We have a 26 yr old gunite pool with severe cracks around the perimeter. Â The concrete deck
Pools	Rebar Contractor:. Hello Robert:  I am a Dallas based builder and have built several pools in the past. Â I want to GC the const
Pools	swimming pool design. we have been told by our pool builder, the largest in the state of arizona , that we are on a water reten
Pools	Heating In Ground Gunite Spa. We are in New England and building an inground 8 person gunite spa about 25 - 30 feet from the ho
Pools	Gunite Pool Repair. Robert, I am trying to recover from an error on a deck installation done shortly after the 1994 Northridge 
Pools	Hiring a Pool Contractor. I am considering an inground gunite spa. I have been talking with several different contractors and o
Pools	Concrete Pool. Thanks for answering my question  1-Yes the walls are one piece, no joints or seams 2-We made 24 inch just for l
Pools	Pulsing Sand Filter. I have a Hayward Sand filter for my inground pool. After opening up the pool this spring, i noticed that t
Pools	pool plaster. what make plaster start to chip off. I am on a committee for HOA, our pool was re-plastered in 1995 looked great 
Pools	Pebble Tec Repair. Hey Bob,  We built a pool in 2000 and used pebble tec for the surface. Â It's been durable and beautiful unti
Pools	Greetings,  I have a problem.... Greetings,  I have a problem with the light in my pool, and will try to keep it short while pr
Pools	ICF Swimming Pools. Hello,  I didn't know how else to contact you but I am working on an article about ICF swimming pools for P
Pools	replacing skimmer in concrete pool. hello, we need to replace the skimmer in our concrete pool, which is about 39 years old. we
Pools	Clogged Filter. Every few years when I open my pool the vaccum line gets so clogged that I have to pay (sometmes quite a lot of
Pools	MUSTARD ALGAE. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I have Mustard Algae again in our pool. Â Is there anyway t
Pools	Pool or not?. Chip,  Thanks for the opportunity to ask this question. Â My inlaws are considering installing a pool which I thin
Pools	Gunite cracks. Our pool is about 12 years old and has hairline cracks. Â We would like to repair it ourselves if possible. Â It i
Pools	pump  vs air  leak. Abruptly last week my pressure gauge reading went to practically nothing and suction diminished dramaticall
Pools	pump leaking. My Hayward pump is leaking and I am not sure from where. Â Also, after backwashing and restarting the system dirt 
Pools	pool pump not working whem on skimmer. My in ground pool pump stopped pumping water to the filter from the skimmer. It works we
Pools	New pool owner. I just bought a house that had an in ground pool, probably 15-20 years old. I was told by the house inspector t
Pools	Spa Blower. I have a Polaris QT spa blower that is 2 years old. Â the blower works but we hardly get any bubbles. Â You can feel 
Pools	filter loses pressure while vacuuming. i have a hayward progrid series de filter that while im vacuuming keeps losing pressure 
Pools	Pool decking and coping. Hi,  We are in New Orleans, La. and in the process of building a mid size pool. Â We are very concerned
Pools	calcium build-up on side walls. why do i have these white calcium spots on my concrete walls? the pool has a carefree ion syste
Pools	ph alkalinity. QUESTION: Roger... My pool alkalinity in ppm tests at 300. Do I adjust this first with muratic acid and then tes
Pools	Pool Pressure. Hi,  I would like to know why would my pool pressure be around 14 and now seems to be around 11, we just changed
Pools	plaster leaching?. cleaner deposits I have a 3.5 year old plaster pool and when I opened this year noticed the plaster was very
Pools	pool equipment placement. My neighbors just finished there pool and they put there pool equipment right up against my fence and
Pools	Pool  suction line repair. I have a 16' x 32' inground pool. Has definite suction line leak under concrete deck. Any suggestion
Pools	Inground Pool with 10' end for diving. Is it possible to have a liner inground swimming pool that does not have a hydrostatic v
Pools	converting swimming pool into a garden. QUESTION: Hi Frank, we'd appreciate your help. Our house came with a pool. We didn't wa
Pools	Removing the top of a Purex Triton DE filter. I bought a home with an in ground pool that came with a Purex Triton Nautilus DE 
Pools	Concrete pool remodel. Pool pic We are beginning a remodel of our 45yr 16x32 rectangle concrete marbelite pool. Â Currently ther
Pools	Swimming Pool Grout. We are at the tile and grout stage with our swimming pool contractor. A white grout is what is offered, ho
Pools	Pool pumps. I have recently become responsible for two pools that are in the condo complex in which I work. The pool pumps are 
Pools	Pool vacuuming issue. why does my pool pump stop working (draws in air) when the water level drops below the skimmer, I thought
Pools	Confused on what to resurface pool with.. My pool is 33 years old, and the surfaced is concrete. Â It is acid washed and bonded 
Pools	GROUND WATER. HELLO.I AM CURRENTLY HAVING AN INGROUND LINER POOL INSTALLED.THE DEEP END OF THE POOL IS EIGHT FEET.DURING EXCAVA
Pools	Drain requirements. I am located in the Northeast. We are experiencing many problems with our pool's underground plumbing (leak
Pools	Hot tub control not holding temp. I have a hot tub, I can set the temp. I want (100), but as soon as I release the button, it s
Pools	stripped bolt holes in top of sand filter. how to fix an stripped bolt hole on top of sand filter. when we were putting the top
Pools	Best way to fill void beneeth popped 5 concret pool. deep end Â  Hi Manish.. this is a follow up question. Tried to send pics b
Pools	Sand/Losing Water with new Filter. Just put in a new Sand Dollar Filter.... Now sand is coming back into the pool and the pool 
Pools	Zeobrite and chlorine level. We put zeobrite in our filter this year and the water is clear but the chlorine won't register on 
Pools	rebar. My daughter just had a new pool put in. Â The specs called for the use of 1/2 inch rebar. Â The pieces that were sticking 
Pools	Calcified cracks in pebble tec rolled bond beam. We have calcified cracks in our pebble tec rolled bond beam starting above the
Pools	White (clorine) residue on pool bottom and steps. Due to the weeks of 100+ temps in San Antonio I have had a hard time keeping 
Pools	winterize pool lines. I live in New York. How much in line anti-freeze if any, do I need to put in the skimmer and return lines
Pools	gunite pool surface. Bob: What surface do you recommend to be the best for the surface of a gunite pool in TX. Â I saw your reco
Pools	Light flickering. just bought a house with a pool. Â pool installed in 1988. Â according to records light is 12 volt 100 watt Â wh
Pools	Pool Tile Deteriorating / Flaking. We recently moved into a house in the Cincinnati area that has been empty for 3 years, from 
Pools	Inground pool. Lynn... I recently bought a forelcosed home with an inground pool which was empty and the lines were all blown o
Pools	back pressure when turning off pump. I have a 20X50 in ground rectangular concrete pool, 9 ft deep with a salt chlorinator. Two
Pools	Leak question. Jay,  I have a leak in my pool. The waters leaks down past the skimmers and the return jets so i presuming it is
Pools	replaster pool. Hi, we have a 30yr old 20 x 40 gunite pool (3'-8' deep) that needs a new plaster job. Â first it has to be sand 
Pools	How do I add the DE to my filter?. QUESTION: Total newbie here to a DE filter. Â Â I have an 18'x4' Easy set pool, and was given 
Pools	Bad Plaster Job. New gunite pool this summer. Â Plaster(plain white) job was sloppy and uneven with gouges, footprints and shado
Pools	Water circulation loss. We have an in ground pool with jacuzzi spa with independent controls. Â All fitted by developer, so no d
Pools	Pump not suctioning in water. How can I unclog a pool drain myself? Â The pump seems to work but it isn't pulling any water into
Pools	pool finsh and cynauric acid. Will too much stabilizer (cyanuric acid) damage a marquis pool finish? Â We are having a problem w
Pools	Spa Polaris Blower stopped working. Our inground gunite pool is 7 years old. The spa has a Polaris QT 1.5 HP blower, which we o
Pools	What would the walls of a 1960's inground pool be made of?. I'm in the process of selling my grandparents' home (both deceased)
Pools	Pool pump alarms. QUESTION: I have been all over the Internet trying to find if there really is a pool pump alarm..my issue..my
Pools	Sandblasting/painting & Coping Repair. QUESTION: We painted our pool 2-3 years ago. Â We didn't know what we were doing and didn
Pools	heating a pool. our pool is approx 40'x20' and 9 ft deep at the one end the daytime temp averages 72 degrees Â and 55 degrees at
Pools	To build or not to build. We have always wanted an in-ground pool at our home, but have heard horror stories about installing o
Pools	General Pool Care. The pool is an in the gound with a vinyl liner. We dont know the amount of gallons but it is 16 x 32. Thanks
Pools	Indoor swimming pool construction. I am a building contractor building a large custom home approx. 10,000 sq.ft. Â The house wil
Pools	Pool waterfall repair. We have a waterfall feature on our 20-year-old pool. Â The waterfall is made of smooth river rocks about 
Pools	Plastering. I recently purchased a home with an older inground gunite pool. Â There are several patches where the plaster is com
Pools	Spa placement on a deck. Hi Robert -   I just got a spa (6 person; six feet square) and I'm looking to install it slightly elev
Pools	CONCRETE STAINING. THANX FOR THE INITIAL ANSWER DESCRIBING SUNDEK. Â HOWEVER, I'D LIKE YOUR OPINION ON JUST STAINING. Â WHAT DO Y
Pools	Painting concrete. This question has nothing to do with pools but involves paint and concrete. Â I'm asking you this question as
Pools	5 h.p. motor, 240 on a spa. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  do you know what the exact size is of a GFCI fo
Pools	Heater Problem:  Laars LT Model. Got a Laars LT Model heater. Â It will not ignite. Â High limit warning light flashing. Â What do
Pools	Swimming Pool & Spa Construction & Maintenance. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hey Robert,  How high shoul
Pools	commercial pool construction and design. Hi Mike, I am an attorney in Rhode Island and am searching for a expert witness/consul
Pools	tile repair/tile sources. Robert,  We purchased a home with an in ground gunite pool where there are several sections of the de
Pools	PLASTER DEFECTS. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  HI HOW ARE YOU? THE FINAL PHASE IN OUR POOL WAS THE PLASTE
Pools	REPAIR CEMENT. Hi  I hope your an expert regarding reparing cement. I have a cement patio by my pool. I tried a dozen times to 
Pools	Extreme water loss when pump is on. I have an in-ground vinyl liner pool. Â I had the liner replaced last year (10 mos. ago) and
Pools	pavers. I have a lot of cracked concrete in the pool area. Â Was considering placing pavers to make it more attractive,  Â Â My qu
Pools	fencing. we have 2 acres we have a 4 foot chain link fence, I can't find code for our unincorporated county. what is the law 
Pools	sand blasting tile. My waterline tile has lots of calcium build-up. What blasting media would I use to clean it? Also, I'll hav
Pools	Inground Pool Construction Question. I just started construction on a 15 x 28 foot long inground pool. They did the rebar and t
Pools	Home spa scum/oil. I drained and refilled the spa (and cleaned the filter by soaking overnight and hosing off good) about a mon
Pools	concrete pool depth repair. I recently hired a pool contractor to construct a concrete inground pool. The job is done and the d
Pools	IntelliChlor chloride generator. I have a salt water pool with all Pentair equipment, including  IntelliChlor chlorine generato
Pools	plaster cleaning and repair. QUESTION: I plan to empty my pool to tile the steps, retile the waterline and repair damaged plast
Pools	Master Spa Low Flow / Heater Dry. Hi,  I have a Master Spa hot tub (with Balboa M7 control module)  which has recently started 
Pools	New pool White plaster. Hey Robert how are you? Â First off--thank you for your time. Â My question for you is this: Â I recently 
Pools	Vinyl Pool Liner/Ground Water. QUESTION: I'm attempting to have a vinyl liner replaced. The company I hired is not having much 
Pools	Inground air return. All summer I have been getting air in my pool return and there is air in my pump housing.Still a very stro
Pools	hooking up the hose in the filter. I have an above ground pool. I have pulled out the filter basket, and the filter it's self. 
Pools	above ground pool leaking after closing. I have an above ground pool, and at the end of the season I noticed the pool losing wa
Pools	opening pool. Hello there. Â I realize that your stated expertise is in dealing with in ground pools but as there is no one list
Pools	Marbelite keeps coming off. Hi Craig There's a section on the deep end of our pool that the marbelite keeps coming off. We had 
Pools	How to protect the drain line from freezing. Just moved into a house and winterized the inground pool today. The pool equipment
Pools	winterizing Pebbletec pool. Live in phoenix, AZ. Â Have a pebbletec, salt water play pool with the caretaker pop-up  heads for c
Pools	pump won't prime. my husband installed a new 1hp hayward superpump at one of my clients pools. Â the pump won't prime . Â there i
Pools	plaster problem on in ground pool. I had a inground pool replastered about 3 years ago, after about a year and a half I began t
Pools	Gunite Construction phase. We have hired a builder with an excellent local reputation. He has completed the gunite phase of our
Pools	Replace plaster with tile. What is the process for doing a whole pool in tile? Does the plaster need to be chipped out, then fl
Pools	1 pop up zone not working. QUESTION: Not sure of all the terminology, so I'll give this my best shot. OK...I have a five zone p
Pools	cracked valve body on top of filter. In the Hayward filter valve body (the black plastic piece on top of the filter that has 
Pools	blowing out the center drain on an above ground pool. I have yet to close my above ground pool. Money is now an issue so I have
Pools	aerator cap. I've looked all over the net and have gone back to the company who put in my pool with no luck. I have an inground
Pools	Total Alkalinity Test. I live in SOCAL and tested my pool today and found that my clorine in over 5.0, PH is 7.2 and Total Alka
Pools	air in tank. I just cleaned my filter and now I keep having air in the filter tank. Â I can bleed it off and go back later and t
Pools	spa heating. Hi,  maybe not your direct area of knowledge but i thought maybe you had come across this question before....  how
Pools	New Pool, Little Info. I have acquired a 25 year old house with an inground concrete pool in Michigan. Â The house was in forecl
Pools	low chlorine in pool. For the last 3 weeks I have been fighting low to very low chlorine in my pool. All other testing show tha
Pools	Spa jets.. This is not about filtration pump and jets but, I think you would say the massaging jets. Spa is 10x10 1,703 gal.It 
Pools	tagelus sand filter TA60D. QUESTION: My filter pressure stays at 25psi after I backwash and then goes up to around 30psi in a s
Pools	Purex brand in-ground pool filter. I have a Purex brand in-ground pool filter whose Maximum Operating Pressure is 35 psi and fr
Pools	Surging Pump / Air in Line. QUESTION: I have a circuit than pulls water and debris (Paramount System) from the pool bottom, int
Pools	Pool resurfacing. After 30 years I need to resurface my plaster pool which has held up well but has a few stains and is getting
Pools	DIY inground concrete pool & spa. QUESTION: I live in Queensland Australia and i would like to construct my own inground concre
Pools	Copper Pipe Pin Hole Leak. My pool & spa has 2 copper pipe running from the heater to the pool and PVC on the return. The 2 c
Pools	High Pressure. We got our in-ground, fiberglass pool this August, with a Hayward sand filter. Though the water is very clear an
Pools	Cartridge Filters. Mike,  We have an in ground Pool approx 14000 gals. It is Pebble-Tec coated. Our filter is a Hayward cartrid
Pools	diamondbrite replaster over old finish. took your advice (question on 1/14) and contacted diamondbrite contractor. Â he looked a
Pools	Follow up question.. Hi. Â This is a gunite construction. Â My question refers to the steel cage. Â   Perhaps one other point of r
Pools	Swimming Levels. In an in ground swimming pool in the winter months with it covered the water level drops let's say 4 to 6 inch
Pools	Pool filter pressure. QUESTION: I have a problem with back pressure in the filter and on the filter gauge. Even after cleaning 
Pools	New Tiled pool construction. I am thinking of having a small inground/gunite pool installed, I would like to tile the entire po
Pools	small black line in pool bottom. i noticed a 12 inch long black fuzzy line.i tried wire brushing.then tried adding a few drops 
Pools	Pool calcium problem. QUESTION: I just had a new Gunite pool installed last year and I was told to expect high PH reading but n
Pools	Leaky Pool Filter. My Hayward cartridge filter is leaking along one of the seams of the case. Â Is it repairable (I have read ab
Pools	liner wrinkles. Roger.. I have the liner installed and all four walls and the hopper are perfect! I have some major wrinkles in
Pools	Above ground pool maintenance. My husband and I inherited an above ground ï¿½dough-boyï¿½ (is that how you spell that?) pool and we
Pools	Gunite Pool-- at a loss. We bought a house with an older gunite pool that has not been well maintained. Â Fortunately we have a 
Pools	Changing the Sand. I recently purchased a home with a below ground pool. Â Apparently the previous owners kept this pool running
Pools	redoing pool. In regards to doing something other than plaster, what would you recommend? Â As far as the movement, it's a combi
Pools	gunite swimming pool tile replacement. I am a slate and tile roofing contractor. Thinking of using leftover slate to replace th
Pools	circulation filter problem.. QUESTION: When I attempt to vacuum the pool, I get good suction through the hose, but also circula
Pools	hot tub repair. QUESTION: I have an old fiberglass hot tub, must be over 25 years old. My filter picks up this red discoloratio
Pools	water pressure lift up the skimer lid. QUESTION: Hi, I'm having a problem with my pump. Â After the pump shuts off, the skimmer 
Pools	Water chemistry is perfect but water still cloudy..bad plaster job?. QUESTION: We had our pool plastered(marcite) in may 07. Th
Pools	hayward pump. This is the second season to have Hayward 1 1/2 hp motor. Â When I turn on the pump it runs for about 5 seconds an
Pools	Black Algae Removal. All the questions/answers I have found include the pool being filled...ours is empty so what's the best wa
Pools	Adding tile to our existing plaster pool steps. Hi Craig, We just moved into a house with an existing pool. Â We would like to u
Pools	Black spots on Diamond Brite. Our pool was built in the Fall 2010 (filled in November 2010). Â We now have at least 50 gray/blac
Pools	Pool remodeling. I have an old Sylvan pool (38yrs) old) that came with our house we purchased two years ago. Â The plaster has b
Pools	Pool drawing water thru skimmer. I have an in-ground pool. Â The pumps are working fine but they are not  drawing water thru the
Pools	white stains on tile. I have a customer that is unpleased with the tile on waterfall because of the white water deposits that a
Pools	I think there is a leak - is this a do it yourself project?. We have a 15,000 gal gunite inground pool which I think is about 8
Pools	bleeding rebar. Bleeding Rebar Â  QUESTION: Hello Drew,  we have an eight year old gunite in-ground pool. This past off season w
Pools	renovation of gunite pool. QUESTION: We have a 25 year old gunite pool and want to do a renovation of it. It has a hot tub buil
Pools	variflo valve. Hi Craig, I'm about to replace spider gasket in Hayward valve does it just sit in the valve or is there some kin
Pools	Ground Water. We are in the midst of a pool installation and we have 2-3 Â of ground water in the excavated hole - how can I get
Pools	Gunite renovation. Hello-  Situation: I have a gunite pool that is 42 years old; I have removed all the old waterline tile and 
Pools	Water Leak. Hi there. Â Our spa had been losing water quite regularly, and it seems as though our pool was losing water, too. Â W
Pools	interior pool step height  standard. Hello Manish, Our pool is currently under construction the interior steps leading into the
Pools	Cutting pool maintenance costs. QUESTION: I hope you can help me with saving maintenance costs on my in-ground pool. I'd like t
Pools	Pool Liner. I opened my above ground pool about a month ago and it looked good. Over the last week or so it appeared to have a 
Pools	RE-PRIMING FILTER. Hello,  My husband discovered the hose from the pump to the filter was detached and water was dispersing fro
Pools	pool skimmers and flow control. QUESTION: what do you think about an equalizer line on a skimmer to prevent air lock in the pum
Pools	above ground pool leak. My pool has a leak some where at the bottom. I had already closed my pool and i am just wondering if i 
Pools	poolside waterfall. hi- we have a old cracked/broken artifical rock fiberglass waterfall..(it's outa here)...we want to replace
Pools	Pop Up system. My system will work and than it gets stuck on one station. How do I stop this?
Pools	AIR PROBLEM. HOW TO TELL IF PUMP IS BAD OR AIR LEAK. BUBBBLES COMING THRU AT RETURN TO POOL, PUT LUBE ON O RING IN STRAINER BAS
Pools	Pool Valve Return Line Positioning. Hello,  I live in Florida. Â I have a question about the positioning of valves on the return
Pools	Air in Filter Basket. QUESTION: I am a new pool owner (had pool 1 and half weeks). When I vaccumed the pool for the first time,
Pools	Bringing My Pool Back, At Least Half Way. I'm Robby and 24.I live in Birmingham, Al, my pool has been drained every year and cl
Pools	easy set pool - well water - yes or no. I bought one of those blue pools with the air ring on top. Â I have well water. Â I haven
Pools	Zero pressure in filter. Live in Arizona & our inground pool is 11 yrs old.It has a Nautilus FNS48 filter and a 1.5 hp PacFab p
Pools	Is my pump going bad or gone bad?. Need help quick. Â Two days left before an opening pool party and there's still trash on the 
Pools	Reconstructing Gunite Pool. Hello Jay!  My husband and I recently put in an owner build pool. Â Our plans were professionally 
Pools	Pump pressure. I have an inground pool 16 x 32, hayward pump and sand filter, for some reason my pump loses its pressure for a 
Pools	Water not maintaining sufficient chlorine level. I can't seem to get my pool's chlorine level up. My water is crystal clear, fi
Pools	in floor cleaner. I recently purchased a home with an in floor pool cleaner. Â I'm not sure of the brand, but they pop up. Â The 
Pools	pool stains. i have a three year old gunite pool with white plaster. a large 5-6 ft stain started after the first year in the d
Pools	Salt water pool spa plaster bubbling. Have salt water pool replastered 7 years ago with grey plaster. Pool ok but plaster in bo
Pools	filter problem. We opened our pool 1 week ago and can't get the water clear. Â It is not green...just cloudy. I have poured in t
Pools	sand filters. QUESTION: when i turn the dial on the filter to back wash,it blows sand back into the pool how can i stop this?  
Pools	Hayward sand filter. I have a 1.5 HP Hayward sand filter for my 24' x 52 above ground pool. Â This year, I replaced the sand wi
Pools	Diamond Bright separation. I was hired to run a brand new pool in Tulsa,OK: Â indoor, in-ground, warm water (90 degrees), salt s
Pools	Kool Deck Paint. I don't like the color of my Kool deck anymore. Â It's about a year old. Â Can I paint over it using outdoor pai
Pools	Pool Resurfacing. After 30 years I need to resurface my plaster pool which has held up well but has a few stains and is getting
Pools	Bubbles in return water. I filled my pool and started my pump this afternnon and have a large amount of air bubbles being relea
Pools	Pool leak. Thanks for your helpful response! Â The pool is concrete...if that makes a difference in how you might advise. Â Good 
Pools	How do I winterize a pool. Hi, I live in Oregon, USA.  I'm a new pool owner and was wondering if I should some how winterize my
Pools	Brown pool water. I have an in-ground pool made of concrete and tiled with ceramic tiles. It's about 30' long by 18' wide and h
Pools	About maintenance of swiming pool. sir i want to set up a swiming pool in my house what should i do for it maintenance plz info
Pools	Hot tub jets. One of my jets in my inground hot tub seem to be sucking water instead of blowing water when it is turned on. The
Pools	POOL LIGHTS TRANSFORMER. MIKE: FOR MOOD LIGHTING, I'M USING A 120 VOLT DIMMER SWITCH TO FEED 120 V. TO THE 12 VOLT POOL LIGHTS 
Pools	bubbles in the pool?. Hi Mike,  Wondering if you could help me with a pool problem.  First, I'm new to pools. Just moved into a
Pools	Above ground pool. Hi Mike, I am installing a 33ft round pool and I want to know should I put a main drain in the bottom. The b
Pools	Spa digital control. MIke,  I have a 1996 Sundance Spa and I live in Phoenix Arizona (USA). Â The heater runs non-stop and heats
Pools	sharkline above ground swimming pool repair. Mike, I have a 20' round sharkline pool that has a sagging liner wall and the line
Pools	Salt Water Pools. Hi Mike:  We currently have an inground swimming pool. Â I have a hard time keeping the chemicals right but mo
Pools	swimming pool. Hello Mike,welcome back, hopping you had a great time at France. Mike,will you please tell me how can I sleep 
Pools	Heating a non-heated pool. Mike, we are planning to purchase a home with an inground pool but I don't think it is heated. Â Will
Pools	Spa overheating. Mike  Thanks for the fast answer,hope you're enjoying Europe. The plumber who put the thermostat in (& origina
Pools	pool pump. can't get more than 5 lbs. pressure.help  joe
Pools	Sand filter. What specification sand should be used for replacement of sand in a pool filter?  My pool has become progressively
Pools	POOL LINER. WE ARE LOOKING AT PURCHASING A HOME WITH AN INGROUND POOL. Â I AM NOT FAMILIAR WITH THESE TYPES OF POOLS BUT IT IS T
Pools	Pool water clarity. I have a 24' ft round above ground pool and for the last two years and especially this year we are having a
Pools	swimming pool maintenence. When I filled my pool this season(4x18 above ground)the water immediately turned a clear,pretty gree
Pools	Pool Maintenance for a non pool person..HELP. Ok here are my pool specs and please no laughing. :-) Just purchased a pool for m
Pools	hot wheels car in skimmer return line. I have a salt water, in ground pool that is 5 yrs old. Â My son was pulling out the catch
Pools	Pool Piping. When winterizing my pool the following happened. Â My pool is set-up that in order to pull from main drain only the
Pools	Brass to PVC conduit from jbox to pool light?. I have expansive soil and most of the bids I have received for a new pool specif
Pools	New pool considerations. Aloha from Hawaii! Â Â I plan to have fairly large pool built (800 sqft/150 ft perimeter & free form). Â 
Pools	Shallow return plug not sealed over winter. I noticed that during the winter months my inground pool water level never increase
Pools	New pool owner.  Need brief rundown of pool opening!. Hi! Â This is my first year as a pool owner. Â The pool has been taken care
Pools	Spa heating. Mike,  Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â I am building an inground gunite pool and spa combo. I notices Laars has a 93%(or about) effecient
Pools	Spa  bench--oval vs. rectangle?. Spa bench Â  Hi Frank--  We are installing a Gunnite pool with an integrated spa. The spa is 5 
Pools	replacing waterline pool tiles. Our pool is being completely redone. The old tiles have been removed and my husband is doing th
Pools	sand in filter just changed. QUESTION: My sand was just changed yesterday in my inground pool, and this a.m. I went out to chec
Pools	Pool tile grout. I live in Central America and have just had a concrete block pool built. Â The builder mixed Sika with the plas
Pools	Salt Water System. Hi, we have an Intex 16x42 above ground pool. This year we converted to their salt water system and have REA
Pools	Electrolysis, pool walls. QUESTION: My aluminum pool wall has a considerable amount of corrosion. There are some holes and the 
Pools	Intex Above Ground Saltwater System - Vacation. QUESTION: I have a 14ft by 42 above ground Intex pool with saltwater system. F
Pools	rust in pool water. I have an Intex 15X48 above ground pool. The winter cover evidently got some holes in it over the winter du
Pools	Liner leak. I have a half dollar size hole in the liner of my inground pool. It caused an ugly wrinkle in the liner. I was told
Pools	plaster pool chemistry problem. My in-laws had their 20-year-old in-ground pool replastered. Â Now whenever the pool maintenance
Pools	kooldeck. I would like a local contractor of my own choosing to apply Kooldeck product to my small bathroom floor to solve a ch
Pools	pebble tech maintenance. We have a pebble tech pool filled with well water and heated with a solar heating system. The pool is 
Pools	pool tile problem. We have an inground gunite pool with an attached spa that has a spillway into the pool area the pool is 5 ye
Pools	sand filter leak. there is water coming out of my waste hose when running my filter. what should i do?
Pools	Pump pressure rise. QUESTION: Frank, I have an older in ground oval shaped pool. It has a sta-rite egg shaped 300 lb sand filte
Pools	gunite integrity. Is there cause for concern when, after gunite installation, parts of the gunite do not harden? Â i.e. a 1/2 in
Pools	saltwater pool. How do i change my 24' above the ground chlorine pool to a saltwater pool? Â What type of filter system will I n
Pools	leaking skimmer on brand new pool. we had 2200 square feet of beautiful stamped concrete to surround our new pool, however, onc
Pools	Pool equipment an finish. I'm building a new pool. I just want to ask few question to help me narrow down the final choice abou
Pools	pool liner installation. I have a esther williams carousal pool tan and white measuring 48 3/4 to bead receiver and 50 to top o
Pools	adding salt to above ground pool. QUESTION: Hi, I have just purchased an above ground pool. Â I was going to purchase a salt mec
Pools	sundance spa problem. i recently aquired a 2002 sundance camrio spa when i purchased a home. Â It was empty when i bought the ho
Pools	water problem under inground pool. My property retains a lot of water under the ground below my inground pool. Â It has filled u
Pools	pool spa jets loss of preassure. my spa use to bubble with alot of bubbles now just enough pressure to send water over the spil
Pools	Vinyl lined in ground pool. Hello Mr. Hudson, Â I have a ten year old vinyl lined pool with  galvanized metal sides. My problem 
Pools	Green Pool. My pool does not seem to get clear no matter what I do. Â I was told by the pool man that I needed a new pump so I d
Pools	Water chemistry. I have a conditioner testing kit, the type that has a cylinder and a black dot that gives you a reading when y
Pools	Water Fountain. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Hi, I h
Pools	Waiting to plaster new gunite pool. Thinking of waiting to plaster pool (w/ 3M Colorquartz crystals) in Spring since season in 
Pools	how to drain inground spa. How to drain inground spa?
Pools	black algae. I recently had my large swimming pool refinished with pebble tek. Â We had a  previous problem with black algae, wh
Pools	pool control valve. No matter the position of the valve, water is able to pass through to waste. Â I have changed out the spider
Pools	leak. my inground pool keeps water OK during winter. When I open it, it quickly looses water (2 inches a day or more-certainly 
Pools	Pool Wall bulging & Leak Detection. QUESTION: Hello,   I have an inground Fiberglass San Juan pool, about 8 years old. 2 Years 
Pools	repair. I need to fix some small patches that have lifted from the pool bottom(plaster), how long can I leave the pool empty on
Pools	air bubbles/return line and no suction. Our inground 20x40 pool always has little air bubble in the return line. We recently pu
Pools	pool water yellow/green. We have an intex 18foot by 4 foot pool. Â I recently shocked the pool and the pool water is now a yello
Pools	Pool Spa Combo. Our water level in our spa goes down, and pool level keep going up. Is this a leak, a float, or something else.
Pools	problems with return water pressure after pool runs for about 30 minutes. Craig, First off, I wnt to tell you that I appreciate
Pools	Ugly pebble tech pool surface. I have a small therapy pool with a brownish/sand colored pebble tech finish. Depending on the an
Pools	Skimmer/Vacuum surging. QUESTION: Craig, My Anthony pool, built in 82 has developed a surging problem with the skimmer/vacuum l
Pools	Sand filter not filtering. QUESTION: My above-ground pool, sand filtration system appears to be letting debris back into the po
Pools	motor. When I first got a new motor for my pool a few years ago the filter had around 15 pounds of pressure when the filter was
Pools	adding sand. I have been losing sand from my filter while in backwash mode. Why is this happening ? How do I add sand to the fi
Pools	winterization. i have a pool person that comes twice a week to monitor and clean my pool. Â she has suggested keeping the pool o
Pools	White Algae growing on ladder. I have a white algae or something growing on my ladder in my swimming pool. It has been there fo
Pools	Grayish Black film forming on bottom and sides of in ground pool. I have a Grayish film starting on the sides and bottom of my 
Pools	Diamondbrite Finish Rust like stains. QUESTION: Hi - first of all thank you for helping me out.  We are involved in a building 
Pools	winter cover. I have a 15 foot above ground pool and would like to know if it is better to use a solid or a mesh winter cover.
Pools	algaecide use. I used a liquid algaecide over the weekend due to green growth on the pool floor (deep end). Â It's been several 
Pools	Above Ground Return. I have a 24' round above ground pool. Â I've noticed rust forming around the return fitting. Â The rust appe
Pools	sand filter. for 2 years now my pool Â has gone cloudy white with a sort of slime on the bottom .last year I replaced the sand w
Pools	Polaris Pool Cleaner. Does water temperature effect the performance of a Polaris pool cleaner? Â I moved to San Antonio, TX with
Pools	Pool coping & expansion joint repair. My pool (around 30 yrs old, concrete) has some coping stones that have popped loose. Â Als
Pools	SAND FILTER MEDIA.. Are there any silica sand alternatives that can be purchased through DIY stores, or building merchants? Any
Pools	Regrouting. Hi, i live in Thailand where expert advice and materials are scarce. My 8mx4m pool needs regrouting. I have been re
Pools	Pool Specifications. Hi Bob,  We are building a 30x16 by 3.5/5/4 deep feet (~16000 gallons) free form custom pool in TX and we 
Pools	Pool Light Replacement. Pool Light My Lamp Housing is rusted and I need to replace it. But I am not sure who made it. Â I have a
Pools	Sand Pumping Back Into Pool Through Jets. When I turn the pump off on my pool, sand flows back into the pool through the jets. 
Pools	Salt water pool disaster. We have a one year old pool and believed all the talk about how great they are. The limestone coping 
Pools	Leak. I have a 15x30 above ground oval and had a new liner professionally installed in May. I started losing water at a rapid r
Pools	Heating an indoor pool..... My Aunt has an indoor pool with a Pentair Intellichlor salt generator. The Pool is 18,000 gallons &
Pools	pool light entire replacement. My pool light apparently does not have a conduit run so a new must be instlled along with a new 
Pools	Re: plaster delamination. We had our new pool plastered 4 days ago with a Pyramid Cement plaster. They tried to fill the pool w
Pools	Jacuzzi in-ground spa, level dropping. I purchased a home with an in-ground Jacuzzi spa, about 8 years old. We bought it this p
Pools	Repair crack in DE filter housing. I have a FNS 48 DE filter (9 yrs old) that i have notice a small crack around output pipe 
Pools	plaster removal, gunite pool. I have a 20,000 gal rectangular pool built 1993. plaster is sound but is etched (low calcium hard
Pools	Inground pool filled in. Im not sure if you can answer my question but I have read your advice to  others and you seem quite he
Pools	Spa won't produce bubbles. The equipment and intake are about 35 feet from the spa. The spa is about 15 years old. I believe it
Pools	indoor inground pool. my husband & I are looking to purchase a home that has an indoor inground concrete pool - we don't know m
Pools	Mutiport. When the pressure guage was replaced, the tech said he had to put stop leak around the guage for it to stop dripping.
Pools	spa skimmer leaking. My fiberglass inground spa is leaking from the skimmer. It has been patched before by the original home ow
Pools	Pool Plastering. We have been enduring a pool installation this fall (located in Mid-Atlantic area) concrete apron finally pour
Pools	Pool fiter pump. Hi Manish, My in-ground pool is equipped with spa and booster pump(for waterfall) suddenly my filter pump lost
Pools	Green water. Hi Deb, we recently bought a home that came with an above ground pool. Â The pool is new to us. Â We have put Algeac
Pools	Pool pipes. Hi We removed our solar panels from our roof and plan to put them on our fence at a later date. Â In the meantime, w
Pools	Pool Closing - Air Compressor. Craig - you stated you like to use an air compressor connected to the pump drain to blow the poo
Pools	Shutting down an indoor pool. We have an 11m by 3m indoor pool, which is tiled throughout. Â we inherited the pool, which we thi
Pools	Tahoe Blue Gunite Pool. We put in a small 70 perimeter pool in four years ago with a dark tahoe blue gunite finish. The bottom 
Pools	inground pool bottom. Hi Ron I am purchasing a DIY pool kit a 16 X 32 rectangle bowtie/playpool 3.5 X 5.5 X 3.5 deep in the ups
Pools	pump problems?. A couple of years ago I purchased a home with a 16x32 in-ground pool. Â Last year I figured the pool, chemicals,
Pools	Pool Plaster. We are currently under contruction; I am hearing from friends that we should brush the pool plaster while curing 
Pools	Leaky valve. We have a leak in the valve on the bottom of the fiberglass pool, have bought a new valve and it still is leaking.
Pools	Hayward Filters. Hello, I installed a 30' round pool and have 2 filters that I can use and was wondering what would be the bett
Pools	My Pool Is green!  HELP. Hi, I have and 18x33 oval pool Â I've had it for two years now. Â I was out of town, and our levels went
Pools	Jacuzzi Power On Switch Not Working. QUESTION: I am purchasing a house with a jacuzzi whose start button (the one that powers o
Pools	drains. I just had a new below ground pool put in Why does it have two drains on the bottom?
Pools	I'm interesting in the pros.... I'm interesting in the pros and cons of concrete versus liner pools. We are looking to have a p
Pools	Draining water off of inground pool cover. I was looking for a recommendation on the specs of a pump (maybe even a recommended 
Pools	vacuum head. when i vacuum our inground pool the head sucks to vinal liner,then must turn off to get it to turn loose,how do yo
Pools	swimming pool plaster removal. Hi,  I have an inground swimming pool. Want to remove old plaster ready for replastering. What i
Pools	HOT TUB. I've had a Calspa hot tubm for abot 7 years now and have never had a problem with it. Recently, my Â hot tub started ov
Pools	clean an empty pool. I played keep-up with the old water long enough by adding a ton of chemicals, ect. Â I was told it was time
Pools	backwash de3600 hayward inground filter. I have read everything about backwashing this filter. mine does not have the multi val
Pools	diamond brite maintenance. We live 3 months a year in the Caribbean and have a pool that we just re-finished with diamond brite
Pools	?sump pump. we were told when we closed our pool for the winter , to make sure the water level was below the return jets so w
Pools	pool filters. QUESTION: we have a big neighborhood pool and everything is original equipment from 1965,and we are in need of th
Pools	Pump pressure too high. My pump pressure starts normal but, after a few minutes it gets really high. I have a hayward de filter
Pools	Clogged vacuum line. I have a Hayward system with in-line chlorinator on my inground pool. We have no suction at all on the poo
Pools	brass & bromide. I have an indoor pool. Â I just replaced the pool heater and a heat measuring sensor shorted out. Â The installe
Pools	concrete vs vinyl. Have a 20 year old concrete pool... time for renovations (live in Monmouth County, NJ) concrete or vinyl....
Pools	caretaker system. I had my pool man install new orings in my caretaker valve. He messed it up terrible. How can I find out how 
Pools	White pool plaster. We had a new pool installed last spring. I started noticing what seemed like black dots appearing in the pl
Pools	small pool interior needs to be refinished. pool Hi, I have a house in Mexico that is built into the house on the second floor,
Pools	Pump filter cleaning/ sand filter pressure. Hi, we moved into a house with an above ground pool in November and are now trying 
Pools	Rust colored algae. I have a 20,000 gal above ground pool and I use the Bacquacil system. Â Last year I battled with, what I thi
Pools	Debris returning to pool. My pool was down a few weeks because my pump motor died. Â I replaced the motor and then tried to clea
Pools	poolmaintance. I have a winter home with a pool in Mexico. How often should I have it serviced during the 6 months I am not her
Pools	Vanishing edge and skimming. Is a skimmer required by code on vanishing edge pools?? Is it required to filtrate the vanishing c
Pools	Sand Filter pressure gets LOWER, the dirtier it gets. I have a 10 year old inground pool with an oversized sand filter which ha
Pools	vacuumming pool. How do I manually vacuum an inground salt water system pool?
Pools	Pool flooded. We have had major flooding on our property and mud and horse manure have run into the pool and it looks like a la
Pools	de filter. earth going back in to the pool Â checked o ring its ok Â de filter screens no tears can not find the problem Â Â thank 
Pools	plastic torpedo stuck in suction pipe. I have a dedicated suction line for a vacuum. Â A neighbor boy put a plastic torpedo in a
Pools	Pump/Filter. I had a new cartridge filter installed while we had the pool remoulded with new tile and plaster. Â Now when the pu
Pools	swimming pool pump operation. I have an in ground pool that is black bottom plaster finish. I live in central california and wa
Pools	Stemmed freeze plugs. Hi Roger, i was just wondering if you could direct me somewhere to buy stemmed freeze plugs to blow out m
Pools	New Tiled Pool Construction. Answer to your question Thousand Oaks Calif. The Gunite needs to be troweled smooth? or a coating 
Pools	Whips for inground pool. My pool is 20+ years old. It uses whips that are connected to the side of the pool that the return wat
Pools	psi high. My psi is past the 30 mark is this harmful to my pump? The water is flowing into pool great but there isn't alot of s
Pools	my is larry. QUESTION: i just bought a house i open my above ground pool Â it was so green i put like 5 gallons of shock still d
Pools	pool care for month long vacation. I will be going away for an entire month. Â The average temperature for this month is 87 degr
Pools	black mold/algae. We have a spa that is above the pool (which also has spillover capability). For several years now, we always 
Pools	Beach entry too steep. I am in the process of having a pool built. The beach entry is way too steep. Pool builder agrees but is
Pools	replacing actuator for pop ups. I need to replace an electric caretaker99 actuator with a manual one. my problem is finding a 8
Pools	Streaking and White Deposits New Pool. QUESTION: We recently built a house and had a 16x32 gunite pool installed with a grey pl
Pools	Filter tank O ring replacement. QUESTION: Good morning Frank, The pool was just open for the summer. I have a JANDY DEL 48 filt
Pools	suction line routing. Hello Frank,   Â Â I have a 20x40 in ground vinyl pool that is losing about 1/4 of water per day, if I plu
Pools	bubbles from the floor of my pool. My pool is six years old and was refinished in Pebble Tek 2 years ago. Tonight I went to swi
Pools	Sun shelf and pool soils. QUESTION: I am in an area where frost line is 30. Â Having a new pool built. Â Engineering drawing doe
Pools	line blockage. I also have a five zone popup system. Â All of my zones work fine except for one. This zone is on the steps on th
Pools	Pool Leak. I have an inground pool with a spill over spa. When I run the pool water leaks out the air intake pipe for the spa. 
Pools	Very bad pool stains. Because of bad economic times, I did not clean the pool for winter months. Â Now, after pumping out the wa
Pools	Hot Tub Maintenance. My real estate company rents private homes in our community for short term vacation getaways. Â I have a fe
Pools	DE Filter overflowing. Thanks for your help in advance. Â I purchased a house in November that came with an inground pool with a
Pools	backfill for existing pool. I have an inground vinyl liner pool and I would like to add backfill around the entire pool. The po
Pools	pe71 proline pool filter. I HAVE A PROLINE POOL FILTER MOD#PE71,IT HAS A 7 POSITION MULTI PORT VALVE ON TOP OF THE FILTER,I NOT
Pools	Pool Opening Problems. Started to open my in-ground pool for the summer. I had the firm, who built the pool, over to open it.
Pools	severe underwater cracks in pebble sheen. 1)Can minor water chemistry problems cause pebble sheen to crack 4 to 5 ft long and l
Pools	Pool expansion. My concrete pool is 20 plus years old. It is currently 15 by 20. Is it possible to expand the current pool to 1
Pools	Staining on Diamond Brite. Stain Â  New residential pool install completed 11/2010 in South Florida, 10,000 gal with Diamond Bri
Pools	above ground swimming pool turned green. I hope it can be fixed we have an above ground swimming pool like 22ft. X 10 ft. X 4ft
Pools	above ground pumps. as a first time pool owner, 27 above, my leaves piled up in skimmer basket and water did not flow through 
Pools	CHANGING TO 12 VOLT LIGHTS. Is there and easy approach to changing out my Hatteras 300 watt pool and 100  watt spa 120 volt lig
Pools	waterline and spa tile. I would like to use natural tumbled stone to retile pool waterline and spa. Â Will it  last another 15 y
Pools	Moles under my above ground pool. About 3 or 4 years ago moles tunneled around and under my 24 foot above ground pool. Â There w
Pools	serious pool problem with green algea. I bought a house during the hot season. Â Previous owner turned off the electricity and t
Pools	Flagstone as the waterline tile. We have a brand new pool bulit with a 1 1/2 flagstone quartz on top and the contractor used 3/
Pools	Ground Water leaking into Concrete Pool. After a hard rain or spring thaw, ground water seems to be leaking into my natatorium 
Pools	pentair minimax 250 heater. hello. Â We recently purchased a home that has a foxxx pool and a octagon shape socialization hot tu
Pools	DE Filter problems. We recently bought a home with an inground pool and are experiencing problems. The pump suction never was g
Pools	no sucking power. Hi, we have an inground pool, sand filter and pump working ok, but we had air in. Â The tech came and used thi
Pools	Can we do without a filter. I am asking this question for my church. We have a fiberglass baptistry currently without a filter 
Pools	Marble in salt water system. Hi- Thanks for your expert opinion and answering my questions. Â We keep going back and forth betwe
Pools	RE: soil eroded from under pool deck. deck problem Â  We built our 18 x 36 in-ground vinyl liner pool in 1984 and have never had
Pools	air in filter and filter basket. Hi and Thank You for any help that you can give me. Â My inground vinyl liner pool has air in t
Pools	New Gunite Hairline cracks. We had our new pool Gunite work done about 1 month ago. The builder has not done much since then so
Pools	pumps. i have question about pumps. my pool is inground Â but my pump and filter will be located 10-12' below deck surface what 
Pools	Tree dust?  I'm frustrated!!!. Hi Ron, I'm in Cypress, Orange County, Southern California. Â My pool is approx 12 or 13,000 gall
Pools	above room swiming pool construction. I am building a swiming pool in Nigeria. the swining pool is directly sitting on a deckin
Pools	backwash keeps running. We have a sand filter and when it's on 'filter' the water still comes out the backwash hose. Â We've rep
Pools	white spots on gunite pool. I have several white spots on the bottom of my gunite pool. Majority deep end. I went to a local po
Pools	Small Brown Spots - Bottom of Pool. I have small brown spots in the bottom of my pool. Â Some of these spots have smeared. My po
Pools	Portland cement and blue quartz surface - Metal stains. I have a similar question regarding metal rust stains (from a metal was
Pools	pump not pulling water. Have a waterfall with a 1/2hp pump thta is not pulling water in. Took pump off and hadit checked and to
Pools	Swiming pool stains. Bob...thank you for your answer. How do I remove any calcium buildup? How can I tell if I have a calcium b
Pools	Draining a gunite pool. We have a gunite pool that is about 4 years old. Â We did not cover it this fall and it is full of leave
Pools	Inground pool construction comparison. Mr. Hudson: We are researching installing an inground pool in our yard. Â We live in Nort
Pools	Re Shaping Shotcrete pool. Pool Â  QUESTION: Hello,  I have a 30+ year old Shotcrete pool with 2 square ends and ugly freeformed
Pools	filter repair. What could be the cause of D.E. leaking back into the pool through the return lines? I just replaced the main ga
Pools	backwash. QUESTION: When Hayward filter is set to filter, water is still coming out of backwash hose? at a reduced rate.  ANSWE
Pools	DTE Earth Filter - When to backwash and add powder?. I have an 18X36 inground pool with an earth DTE filter. Can you please adv
Pools	new pool in clay fill. I live in Ecuador, and would like to build an app. 3 x 8 meter in ground kidney-shaped pool with a deep 
Pools	Replacing in-ground skimmer. Our pool is apprx. 25 yrs old - in ground. Â The skimmers have leaked since we purchased the house 
Pools	Gunite for a pond. I recently got a wild hair and dug an area for a pond. Â The problem is I can't afford a liner so I was wonde
Pools	Drain cover came off of Viking pool. This is only our 3rd swim season and we discovered that our main drain cover came off comp
Pools	Kool deck. In an answer to another individual it was clear that the responder felt that Kool Deck was not a recommended solutio
Pools	Pool Motor. QUESTION: I recently upgraded my Pool Timer to a TightWat2 Two-Speed Timer. Â The voltage is 110. Â I have a single-s
Pools	Hot tub heater problem. QUESTION: I have a 1988 Hot Springs Indoor / Outdoor spa. Â Up until this past winter, I had very good l
Pools	gunite pool maintenance. I have a gunite pool that is probably 30 years old. Â About 8 years ago it was very rough and a pool co
Pools	no water coming to inlet valve. Hi, I've just opened the pool for the spring. Â The expansion plug on the outside of the skimmer
Pools	Waterproofing in-ground DIY spa. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  Bob,  Thank you so much for the input. The
Pools	Inground water line tester. Is it possible to purchase a pressure tester for inground pool lines?...If not any ideas on how to 
Pools	Pool refinishing. I have a 32K Gal in-ground gunite pool in need of refinishing. All the quotes have plaster as the base quote 
Pools	Make a pool bigger. I am considering buying a home with a small, shallow in-ground pool. Â There is plenty of room to make it bi
Pools	Heating above ground 15000gal pool. What do I need to consider in heating an above ground pool. Â Approx 15000 gal, I live in No
Pools	Swimming pool salt filters. What is the best salt filter in the market today? Â And why are a lot of people changing over from c
Pools	green water/chlorine lock. I have been dealing with this for several months green water,cloudy water and chlorine lock i have u
Pools	skimmer not working. Bob Â Â Thanks so much for all the help. Â It ended up the openers didn't open up both of the holes in the sk
Pools	Pool water turnover rate.. What is the desired/ minimum turnover rate for a condo swimming pool. I have heard 8 hours, but don'
Pools	ph and chlorine testing. Hi Frank! I test my water every day with a Aquachem PH and Chlorine drip test (oto). I had y pool wa
Pools	pool/spa leak   HELP please. QUESTION: 10 yo inground gunite with attached spa, same level as pool but with overflow to pool wh
Pools	Liner Pool - High Water table. I have a liner pool. Â We are towards the bottom of a hill near the banks of a river, near the se
Pools	hayward superpump installation wiring. roger, i just hAD MY HAYWARD SUPERPUMP FIXED IT WAS MAKING LOUD NOISES AND I HAD IT REBU
Pools	Black algae and Pool Draining. Craig, I have a six year old in-ground gunite pool of approximately 26,000 gallons. Â I have a bl
Pools	Pool Leak. HI,  Thanks Â - it would be great if it's the skimmer (I guess!).....now - if I do isolate it to the skimmer - how to
Pools	Closing Pool in Dallas Texas. Thanks for confirming this. Â If I don't cover up the pool, do I still run the pump like I would d
Pools	Inground Spa. Lynn, we have an in ground spa that has not been 100 percent leak free but we are getting there. Â We've sealed ar
Pools	Skimmers not working. We have concrete pool ...guesstimate 20 yrs old. We had new tile and  brick installed this spring..., eve
Pools	How much chemicals do you put in a pool. How much chemicals do you need to put in a pool
Pools	high water level. Hello,  We had a fiberglass pool installed by a local pool company in May 2006. In Feb. 2007 after a lot of t
Pools	Calcification. We just recently had our pool resurfaced including adding new tile around the top. Â There is stone, that was not
Pools	Pump will not prime at all. Hayward Super II-After replacing 0 ring and spy cover, then checking connections, I thinking the 
Pools	Swimming Pool - Sand Filter. Hi Mike!  I live in Toronto Canada. Â Usually I backwash my sand filter by setting it to waste for 
Pools	Can't Vacumm Pool Pump fills with air. I am manually vaccing the pool. Â Instead of using the full length of the vac hose I brok
Pools	Acid staining. We have a in ground pool (gunite and plaster) the pool is 25 years old and has suffered some abuse in the past. 
Pools	Spa Won't Work. I recently bought a used spa from a friend of my son. Â He said the spa was working when last used, but I had it
Pools	best pool type for louisiana. My husband and I are planning on installing an inground pool. Â We live in Baton Rouge, Louisiana 
Pools	Sand shooting out of pump. I had to vacum the entire pool to waste as there was sand everywhere this morning. Â Then I turned it
Pools	Pool Workings. I have a 10 x 5 salt water swimming pool I have had it serviced and looked after by a pool specialist for 6 year
Pools	Main drain plumbed to skimmer. How important is the amount of suction on a main drain that is plumbed to the skimmer? Â I recent
Pools	groundwater leaks. Hi Robert,  I belong to a swim club that has a pool that is 50 years old. Â In our deep end,, 6' going to 12'
Pools	Autofill on pool remodel. auto fill issue Â  QUESTION: Frank -  I am having my pool remodled and I am concerned that the autofil
Pools	Skimmer not sucking as well. My skimmer is not sucking as well as before...any idea why that could be? Â I've cleaned out the sk
Pools	concrete pool. Hi Mr. Hudson: My future spouse and I are thinking about buying a house that has an 11 year old concrete pool th
Pools	Greenish pool.. I have a 24ï¿½ x 48ï¿½ pool, approximately 15000 gallons. I had issues last year with clarity and never really clea
Pools	no air bubbles in jacuzzi. My in ground jacuzzi jets are working fine and has good pressure, however, there is no bubbles. Â The
Pools	chemical levels for pool and spa. QUESTION: Can I leave the pool brominator on overnight in a commercial pool over 55,000 gallo
Pools	Hi Mike,  I have an in ground.... Hi Mike, Â I have an in ground pool that I would like to fill in. Â I was thinking of renting a
Pools	checking for leaks in above ground pool liner. Hi David... We have 28 foot round ubove ground pool-- 3 years old this July. Â We
Pools	Can you please tell me the.... Can you please tell me the difference, in life span and maintenance, between gunnite pools with 
Pools	Swimming pool chemistry. I am a new pool owner with a 1980's era concrete bottom in-ground pool with a 30,000 gallon capacity. 
Pools	filter start up. David, Please be patient with me, I'm new to having a pool. My sister gave me a 20' omega super splash pool. I
Pools	Chlorine in pool. When I purchased my new inground pool I got the automatic chlorinator. I've checked the pool with the test ki
Pools	cloudy swimming pool water. when I opened my pool a month ago the water was crystal clear it started to get cloudy about two we
Pools	Spa Construction. I will be building an outdoor spa soon. Need some advice as how to go about building it the correct procedure
Pools	Sand in water. When we turn on the filter we get a burst of sand into the pool. Â It seems to be working except for that. Â The f
Pools	Hot tub pump blowing fuses. Hi,  I have a hot tub with a pump that is blowing its circuit on the hot tub control box. Â It pops 
Pools	phosphates. This year I have had to put in much more chlorine and ph up than other years.  After two days out of town last mont
Pools	Pool Filter. I live in NY and just openned my pool. Â I got the filter running but after 1-2 hours air continued to come out of 
Pools	Filling in an inground vinyl swimming pool. I live in Littleton, Colorado USA. Â Our pool has become an unwanted expense(water p
Pools	pool pumps. Thank you for your time.  I became aware of a slight burning smell in the pool pump area three days ago. Â The pump 
Pools	Water replacement schedule.. Mike,  Is there a specific time or interval to completely drain then refill the pool? Â Are there t
Pools	Estimated Price. I wanted to know, how much is the average price for the construction of a swimming pool. Please give your repl
Pools	New pool surface. Hi Mike How's the weather in Cornwall? Not too good I hope! (I used to live in Plymouth but now live in New Z
Pools	PAINTING A SWIMMING POOL. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  HOW LONG CAN I LEAVE MY POOL EMPTY TO PAINT THE S
Pools	Swimming pool. I live in Austin, Texas where the only swimming months are May to Sept. Â Our pool pump is fairly old and uses a 
Pools	pool tile cleaner. Hi David -  I am wondering if you would have any suggestions on a products that works good to clean swimming
Pools	Algae problem. I have a 10m x 5m in-ground pool. I wrongly switched everything off before taking a 2 week vacation (no pump, no
Pools	Pool pump. Hi Mike, My pool uses a 1 HP pump that is about 10 years old. The water supply line to the pump runs from the skimme
Pools	We are thinking about building.... We are thinking about building a gazebo type strucute over our free standing outdoor spa (8 
Pools	pool filter. we bought a house in MI over the winter and opened the in ground cement pool about two weeks ago....the water is f
Pools	MUD IN POOL. HI...WE HAD A FLASH FLOOD, MUD GOT INTO POOL....HOW DO WE CLEAR IT? Â We have ran the pump,vacumed...the mud seems 
Pools	Frogs in Swimming Pool. David,  I recently had an in-ground pool installed on my property. Â I live on the outskirts of town and
Pools	adding a waterfall might need a pump. We are just completing an inground pool. Â The concrete shell is in, but not plastered yet
Pools	above ground pool parts. Hello Drew, Thank you for volunteering your time and expertise!  I just recently purchased a house wit
Pools	water leak. Should an inground pool hold water above the halfway level of the tiles?
Pools	Spa Jets. QUESTION: We recently had our equipment replaced for our gunite pool and spa. Â Now when we use the air from the spa j
Pools	Bottom Drain leak. How do we tell if we have a leak at the bottom drain, and how do we fix it? Can  we just plug the bottom dra
Pools	What Do I Do - HELP!!. Hi Jay! We just bought a house in southeast Missouri which came with a very lovely outdoor pool. The pre
Pools	return jets. Hi Jay, I have an inground pool in Florida, with a spa overflowing into it. It is about 7 years old. When it was b
Pools	should I drain my pool?. I have a 15,000 gallon pool with a salt chlorinator system. Â I was told at the pool store where they t
Pools	i need help!. um... well my dad and i are trying to figure out how to acid bath our gunite pool and we need to know what stuff
Pools	Pool project. I am redoing a in ground gunite pool which is in need of replaster,tile,coping, and decking. My question is what 
Pools	Therapy Jets in new Swimming Pool. I recently had built a 16' x 37' swimming pool which contains 3 return jets and I paid extra
Pools	SPA. Hey Jay, I am new to SPAs are you supposed to keep them on when not in use or are they to be turned off. Thanks.
Pools	Pool opening problems. 1st our realtor and or previous homeowner did not leave anything for us regarding our pool. Â It is a lin
Pools	pool too deep. QUESTION: We had our pool shotcreted yesterday. Â It was to go from 3.5 ft to 8 ft. Â It's 42 feet long. Â I was co
Pools	Pool Maintenace. Here goes: Â I recently bought a home with with a 18x36 inground Foxxx Pool. Â It's pretty old, and has the Wall
Pools	pool plaster discoloration. We have a brand new salt water pool, finished construction in March 2007. Â We have had the pool com
Pools	Algae in Saltwater Pool. We opened our pool this weekend. Â This is only the second year for us and we're not exactly sure how t
Pools	pool skimmer. One pool skimmer is hardly drawing water. The other skimmer works fine. Any  suggestions where to start?
Pools	Pool Painting/Restoration. Hi Jay. Â I have an inground pool that is about 30 years old. Â The company that build it is no longer
Pools	Pump too big?. I have a 22,000 gal. vinyl pool with 1 1/2 plumbing, 4 return jets, 1 skimmer and 1 main. It has a Hayward S244
Pools	new quartz finish. Recently had swimming pool refinished. Â Noticeable ripples (dark areas) show when pool light is on at night,
Pools	Pool Filter Problem. We just had our very old DE filter (probably 40 Â years) replaces with a cartridge filter on our pool in si
Pools	Air bubbles. Air bubbles started coming thru my return jets staccato style. Â Was told of suction side leak.....replaced all pvc
Pools	Pool Lip Resurfacing. Jay,  First off, thanks for your help and I hope I can explain my question clearly. Â I live in the Cinc
Pools	SoCal Pool Rebuild. Jay,  We have an Anthony pool built in about '62. Â 20 years ago, we acid washed and epoxy painted it and it
Pools	Adding 50-Amp GFCI Breaker for Spa. Hi Jay, Â Â I am going to install an above ground Spa/Hot Tub in my about-to-be-built Garden
Pools	inground pool for Northeast. Jay we are just starting to shop for an inground pool. Â We talked to two local companies today. Â O
Pools	no chlorine showiing on test strip. We have had road constuction around us leaving a thick coat on red dust from clay in ingrou
Pools	Mud in pool. I am sorry it is a vinyl liner. I am quite afraid of leaving it in there to long so not to stain the liner. Is the
Pools	Replacing the Skimmer. I recently bought a home with an older concrete pool built in the late 70s maybe early 80s and being an 
Pools	Overheating Spa. Mike I have written to you before on this but am still having the same problem, my spa keeps overheating. The 
Pools	landscaping rocks vs boulders. I hope this is an easy question. Â We're in the process of having a gunite pool installed by a ve
Pools	Inground pool cleaning systems. We are planning to have a pool installed this fall. Â What type of cleaning system do you recomm
Pools	Pool Maintenance Checklist. We are seeking expertise for a presentation on pool maintenance for an upcoming national convention
Pools	Rust stains on Stairs of vinyl liner pool.. QUESTION: This year we have 15-20 rust spots (round) about an 1/8 of an inch. Â I ha
Pools	Sand filter vs. Cartridge filter. We are installing an inground concrete salt water pool - which filter system is preferable - 
Pools	Regrouting swimming pool tile. QUESTION: Is it possible to change the grout color on our swimming pool tile from white to a dar
Pools	air in the pump skimmer. I have air in the pump skimmer. In the past this told me I needed to lube the skimmer cover gasket. I 
Pools	EPS Pool wall finishes. Â Â I am planning on a DYI IG pool in a zone 4-5 climate. Due to my property grade and energy concerns,(e
Pools	Inground pool skimmer winterizing. Hi Frank,  When winterizing pool skimmer, i usually vaccuum to waste until the water level g
Pools	swimming pool leak. We have been loosing water from our inground pool. We have had the liner checked and 3 holes repaired. It w
Pools	salt water pool start up. We had a severe algae problem in our salt water pool - so bad that we had to drain it. Â We are ready 
Pools	Leaking pool. QUESTION: Hi, we have a pool with a liner and a swim out at each end which has been slated. Â Mosaic tiles are aro
Pools	peeling mosaic on fiberglass pool. We had a fiberglass pool installed in 2009. We had extras put in like tile along water line 
Pools	SWITCH ON TUB JACUZZI NOT FUNCTIONING. We have a Jacuzzi Whirlpool Bath brand tub/spa. Â It is probably five or six years old. Â 
Pools	Gunite Pool Construction - Winter. I am putting a gunite pool in my backyard and due to delays it now October and I only have p
Pools	White staining on pebble deck. Ron, I am a Chief Engineer and have a pebble deck. We have it indoors and in the summer months w
Pools	soft concrete. We recently moved and I noticed a couple of things that have me concerned... 1 - everything in the pool that is 
Pools	Shotcrete Shell Stability?. Hello,  I've had an ongoing issue with my pool since the day it was built 7 years ago. Â The pool co
Pools	Clogged jet lines to spa. I have a inground pool & spa. The spa pump seems to work,  however it does not make alot of bubbles i
Pools	Pool Repair. Pool pix I am widow on a fixed income and hired a company recommended by a friend who was a member of the BBB. The
Pools	install. hey,i have been installing equipment for a few years now and have now got a job in construction of concrete pools. i w
Pools	old inground concrete pool. I have an old ingound concrete pool that was built approximately 35 years ago. Plaster has been chi
Pools	painting stainless steel. How do I keep paint on vertical stainless steel? The crosses at turn lanes fail miserably everytime. 
Pools	pool pipe. Hi Drew, We have a 25k gallon commercial pool in NH sanitized with chlorine, non-stabilized cal-hypo. I need to repl
Pools	Swimming pool tiling. We are in the planning stage to renovate our pool and we intend to fully tile the pool. Â Can you advise h
Pools	pentair pool pump operating pressure. I have a pentair pool pump(16,000 gallon inground pool). when my pool was completed in Ap
Pools	Pump not priming. QUESTION: I have a Pentair pump that is also hooked up to a Pentair Clean & Clear filter. Â The pump is about 
Pools	dirt/concrete. Â Â Â Â First, thank you for your time. I am building a large pond, the surface area about 29,000 sq foot. My soil i
Pools	pool crack repair. QUESTION: Live in Tampa, Fl. Looking to have pool refinished. I have a 4 foot long non leaking crack in wall
Pools	errosion feeder. Hi Ron, Commercial indoor application. Pool 25k gallons, hot tub 500 gal. Iï¿½ve been using Cal-Hypo in a feeder
Pools	Pool Startup problems. I have just started up our new pool. I am having problems with water suction from skimmer box to to pump
Pools	above ground install. Hi there hoping you may be able to help. I live in Ontario Canada and we recently got a used 24ft above g
Pools	finishing new concrete pool. We're in the process of putting in a new shotcrete pool in NJ. Â We're not sure if we should proced
Pools	Pump Maintence. I Have had a Hayward 1/2 or 3/4 for 13 years. It has and still is working fine. Is there any preventative maint
Pools	2 problems: Hose collasping and  White tissue mold.. QUESTION: 1: when we are vacuuming with our easy vac (kreapy krauly),  the
Pools	polaris not working. QUESTION: Hi. Â I have an inground pool with a polaris cleaning system. Â I recently had my polaris worked o
Pools	pool leak. QUESTION: I have a 6 year old 4000 gal indoor pool, 4' depth. It began leaking a few months ago. All lines were pres
Pools	cleaning pool. why would my inground pool be filthy 5 days after cleaning
Pools	Air in return line. I have had trouble with air in the return line of my swimming pool. Â I have checked the pump and there is n
Pools	pool room heater. QUESTION: Hi Drew, Iï¿½m in charge of an indoor pool for a small hotel in NH. Our pool heater needs to be repla
Pools	cantilever deck and tile. I am having my pool replastered and tile replaced. Â Several sections of old tile have popped off. Â Th
Pools	air in suction line of pool. have a in ground pool 8 years old and start to get air in the pump basket.i have check all fitting
Pools	in ground pool leveling. my pool is about 6 years old. i have had no problems. i have planters on each corner in the rear of th
Pools	Prozone vs Salt system. We are in process of getting quotes for the install of a gunite pool. One company is pushing the Prozon
Pools	water mark on hot tub wall. This year I didn't get my hot tub emptied and cleaned and now there is a white film at the water li
Pools	Do I really need tile?. QUESTION: Good Morning Mr. Waskey,  We moved into a house that has an in-ground pool approx. 25,000 gal
Pools	Deck expansion joints. Our pool deck started cracking after 2 weeks.. Â We questioned the concrete company because the deck is 1
Pools	Gunite Pool. The house I just purchased has a gunite pool but has been covered up completely with dirt because the previous own
Pools	Plaster removal from a gunite pool. I am planning on having my exisiting (gunite/plaster) pool resurfaced with something like P
Pools	concrete pool leak. I have a concrete pool and have almost drained it so that we could repaint it. After draing the pool nearly
Pools	POOL PUMS. MY QUESTION IS ON SIZE OF PUMP, I HAVE A 40BY26 POOL AVERAGE DEPTH IS 5 FT, WHAT SIZE PUMP IS REQUIRED, MY POOL CONT
Pools	pool refill. We are having our pool deck and the swimming pool tile and coping replaced. Â We have an in ground pool with a Diam
Pools	Water levels in pool and spa drop. Hi Frank. Â We have just moved in toa home with a pool and spa. Â The spa and pool levels drop
Pools	FLAKES IN POOL/SPA. QUESTION: HI JAY, MY POOL/SPA IS ABOUT 3 YEARS OLD. IT IS A SALT SYSTEM. Â LATE LAST YEAR I BEGAN SEEING WHI
Pools	High Chlorine Level. For the past four weeks my chlorine level has been EXTREMELY high (according to the test kit). I've done e
Pools	sand at the bottom of my pool. I have replaced the fingers and the sand in my filter. Â The first year i owned the pool i had it
Pools	Shifting soil and gunite. My inground pool has settled aprox. 3-4 inchs. There are no leaks, yet, and the pump functions. My pa
Pools	Mustard Algae. I was wondering if you could assist us with a problem in our in-ground vinyl lined pool in Phoenix. Â We have mus
Pools	new plaster. Just had our pool re-plastered and in the day time it looks great. Bright white and new looking, but at night with
Pools	cloudy water in our pebble tec pool. Hi Lynn - we are baffled by the cloudiness in the water of our pebble tec  pool. Â All the 
Pools	Installation of pool. We installed our 24' x 52 pool ourselves. Â We applied the shop vac through the water return hole as we s
Pools	leaking pipes. we have a 25 year old in ground pool and our pool company believes that bugs have eating holes in our undergroun
Pools	haywood pool filter. The top of the filter was leaking so I changed the gasket and now it seems when the pressure builds up the
Pools	Cracked plastic Light Housing. The light housing in my concrete inground pool has a crack in the back of it, I had it repaired 
Pools	Pool heater. I am replacing my old 400,000 btu natural gas pool heater with a Hayward 250FDN, which will be adequate because I 
Pools	Salt usage in pool. I have been adding about 40lbs of salt each month for a while. Â Is this normal? Â The machine says 3000 then
Pools	green ? copper in spa water.. Last year I retiled spa and pool waterline with blue-green pool tiles from Nobletile. Â At the sam
Pools	swimming pool vacumm hose. swimming pool vacumm hose got stuck up the skimmer line when I tuend on te filter. Â How do i get it 
Pools	pool vacuum. We are new pool owners,but we don't know how to use the vaccuum to clean the pool.
Pools	shocking the pool and vacuuming. QUESTION: We recently bought a house that came with pool in the backyard. People two houses do
Pools	DE Filter High Pressure. Pool: 15,000 gal in-ground vinyl liner type Pump: Pac-Fab Challenger 1hp Filter: Pac-Fab Nautilus FRP 
Pools	pressure goes up and down and losing water. We have a new pool, so are very new to the maintenance of it. Â   Firstly, the press
Pools	Deteriorating marcite. My 20000 gallon inground marcite pool of 18 years has started losing patches of marcite, and now you c
Pools	swimming pool chlorine problem. I cannot keep chlorine in my pool. I put in 8 bags of shock and 2 days later I had 0 chlorine .
Pools	Polaris/Booster Pump. Came home to find that my wife left the polaris outside the pool for two days. Â The polaris is set on a t
Pools	Dirty water begins to be pumped back into the pool. I have a Haywood sand filter, and a 27ft above ground pool.. I am having a 
Pools	pool pressure keeps dropping. HI, I have an older inground pool and am having issues with the pressure of the filter. Â It has b
Pools	Skimmer looses suction. My skimmer will loose suction after about 30 mins of pump being turned on. Â Leak detection on the pipes
Pools	leaking multiport valve. I have pac fab (pentair) 6 position multiport valves for pool and spa. Â Every time I  backwash they co
Pools	Using flocculant in my pool. my pool is a bluish cloudy. we can't get it clear. our local pool store told us to drop it out and
Pools	Pool algae and pump issues. QUESTION: Wow where do I start. About a month ago I had very thick green algae in my 25,000 gallon 
Pools	Circulation problems. QUESTION: Hi, We have an apparent circulation problem, meaning: the circulation pump runs, but circulatio
Pools	water against foundation (pool leak?). I have a 18x40 inground pool with a concrete apron around it. Recently my son dug a hole
Pools	backwash valve. I'm very new to maintaining a pool I've had trouble keeping it from turning green I take the water sample weekl
Pools	Main Drain. My main drain line evidently is broken somewhere, when I open the valve to it the pump never primes, and is always 
Pools	Sand in my DE pool. I have sand in my pool? Â keep cleaning it and more sand? Â This is a gunnite pool with a d/e filter system
Pools	circulation. I just replaced my entire skimmer line because of a collapse in the line. Â Now I can't get the water to circulate 
Pools	Multiport valve malfunction. I read every post I found on multiport valves and did not find one that fit my scenario exactly. I
Pools	Pool maintenance. I am trying to remove debris from the very bottom of my friends pool. She has an above ground pool with a san
Pools	length of life of pump. How long should I expect my pump to last before needing to replace it? Â I have an EcoSmart pool and I k
Pools	pool booster pumps?. My pool pump and equipment is set approx. 9-10 ft above the pool and approx. 40 ft away. The pump struggle
Pools	pool keeps going green. I have purchased a 12 ft above ground pool and it keeps going green and a bit slimey on the pool sides.
Pools	filter not holding pressure. I recently purchased a hayward pro series sand filter for my inground pool. After shutting off pum
Pools	Leaves and murky green water. I have lots of leaves in the bottom of my pool and my water is green. I have a 18x36 inground sal
Pools	algae in salt water pool. I Have a vinyl lined inground pool with salt water system -Aqua rite chlorine generator. Â My water is
Pools	Did not see pool main drain sucks water. My pool main drain has two ports: one goes directly to pump while the other to main dr
Pools	pool leak. I have a leak in the seam in my liner and I am having such a hard time getting the leak to stop and keep the patch o
Pools	pool backwash. Hi there. My pool is losing water through a pipe in the front yard. At first, we thought maybe it was because th
Pools	Winterizing inground pool. I have a 20'X40' in-ground gunite pool. Â I want to winterize it myself this year and have read multi
Pools	Peeble Tech pool chemisty & calcium. I live in Arizona, and have a peeble tech pool. I am planning to install a water softener(
Pools	clean tiles , above ground pool. We bought a home with a pool. The water checks out good, but the tiles around the top of the p
Pools	DE coming back into pool. What can cause DE Â to come back into the pool besides a faulty grid? What can cause a pressure spike 
Pools	Draining Hot Tub. How do we drain our hot tub for the winter. Â We want to make sure that we get all the water out so it won't f
Pools	Water under pool liner. I have a 7 year old steel wall, vermiculite bottom grecian pool. I have water seeping through the vermi
Pools	problem with pebble fina plaster surface. We had a salt system pool constructed in summer of 2005. After the initial watering a
Pools	pool filtration. I have white flakey substance coming out of my return jets when the pump first starts up. When a piece is pick
Pools	CLOUDY GREENISH HAZE IN POOL. In-ground pool. Â We've never had this issue before. Â No matter how we treat it (Shock, etc.), the
Pools	Shotcrete Spa. -------------------------  Followup To  Question -  I am a small shotcrete contractor that has begun building po
Pools	bubbles in jacuzzi/spa. Hello, thank you for taking the time to answer my questions. Occasionally, our jacuzzi will start to ha
Pools	installing an inground pool in clay. We are seriously considering installing an inground pool. Â Are property is heavy clay. Â Th
Pools	pool vaccum. when i put the cover on the basket in the pool there is no suctions for the vacuum how do i correct this?
Pools	low pressure pool. there are bubbles coming out of the jets. when i try to vacuum i lose pressure.
Pools	swimming pool cycles. What is each cycle (i.e. rinse, filtration, recirculate etc.) on the swimming pool used for and when do y
Pools	repair plaster freeze damage. I bought a bank foreclosure in Vegas recently. The pool is fairly new, and the plaster is in good
Pools	Hayward Mutiport valve hard to turn. My multiport valve on my hayward sand filter is almost impossible to turn. Once it is push
Pools	Multiport Valve wont turn. We are in the process of opening our pool, we just got it last summer. Yes it is an above ground poo
Pools	How to reduce depth of in-ground pool?. Our house came with a deep in-ground pool,over 12'. I wish to somehow reduce the depth 
Pools	Pool drain. Do I need to close my drain line and just the leave the skimmer line open on the pool when I'm doing routine everyd
Pools	Swimming pool fungus. QUESTION: The swimming pool in our rental property has not been maintained as promised and is now covered
Pools	pool restoration. we live in a condo complex in Port Hueneme California. the swimming pool is being resurfaced. the process sta
Pools	fiberglass vs vinyl inground pools. I live in a high water table area and would like to install an inground pool. Â Any idea as 
Pools	low water pressure. QUESTION: The pool is 10 years old and has a cartridge filter the pool cleaner is a ray vac and does not ha
Pools	Pool filter replacement. I need to replace my filter. It is a Jacuzzi DE type that is obsolete (can no longer get grids). It is
Pools	Barely any pressure even after changing sand,O ring, and lateral assembly. We bought a house a few months ago that has an in gr
Pools	Diamond Brite Cleaning. I live in a western suburb of Phoenix, have owned my Diamond Brite covered pool for six years now. Â The
Pools	filteration and heating connection. We have a lacron sand filtration system to connect to our swimming pool. Plus we wish to co
Pools	Vaccum/Skimmer/Booster Pump. I recently moved into a new house with and inground pool and have several questions because local 
Pools	Skimmer not working. I have an inground pool. The poolside skimmer has suction but now the water is not getting sucked into the
Pools	spider gasket removal. Craig im trying to remove the spider gasket and it appears to be completely glued in with supaglue. i do
Pools	Underground Leak. Hi, I just bought a house three weeks ago with a pebbletec pool. It was a bank owned property so we have abso
Pools	Replacing spa light. I need to replace a flooded spa light. Problem is, the pool construction company  used 3/4 DWV copper pip
Pools	green pool water. i have a 1,800 gal pool, just got it up and running and my water is green. tested chemicals, ok- no change in
Pools	cloudy water and high pressure. My pump pressure runs high, I have a DE filter, it has been cleaned, we have backwashed still r
Pools	algae on my pool liner. Hello, Please help me!! I have shocked my pool three times. First I have green algae on the bottom and 
Pools	high pressure filter - blocked lne?. QUESTION: I have an inground gunite pool, which is over 30 yrs old (I purchased house 11 y
Pools	hooking up pool hoses. After winter our above ground pool really needs to be cleaned with the pool sweeper. Â I cannot figure ou
Pools	Bad Pool. Our pool hasn't been opened in two years, Â upon opening the water was almost black. Â We've added all the chemicals re
Pools	Turnover Rates in Pool. I have a 45 year old gunite pool (20x45) approx. 40-45,000 gal. Â The main drain no longer is functional
Pools	inground pool light fixture replacement. Hello, the light in my inground pool no longer works. I pulled the fixture out, tested
Pools	inground vacuum. I manually vacuum my inground pool - hook up vacuum to skimmer, turn valve on pump, vacuum, etc. Â Once I'm don
Pools	Pebble Tec cracks. Hello Craig, Â I have several hairline cracks along the coping of my play pool. Â Is there a product I can use
Pools	swimming pool heater. I have a Raypak swimming pool heater Model PR266A-MN-C. Â The pilot light blows out during windy days. Â I 
Pools	weak jet return/water pressure. Hi, I just had my vinyl liner replaced. Â I noticed some small bubbles coming from the left retu
Pools	resurfacing gunite pool. I have a similar problem to the person on the home page. Â Mine, however, is a little more extensive. Â 
Pools	Pump and filter. I am a new pool owner and I am totally clueless on how to open my pool. I am also somewhat lost on some of the
Pools	Low Pressure on Heater Line. I have an inground pool with a gas heater. Â I just changed the sand in my filter (Jacuzzi Laser 22
Pools	inground pool maintenance. HOW OFTEN SHOULD AN INGROUND POOL HAVE TO HAVE WATER ADDED, SO THAT AIR DOES NOT GO THROUGH THE FILT
Pools	POOLFILTER PUMP. MY PUMP IS 2 YRS OLD AND WHEN I WENT TO START POOL YESTERDAY IT HUMMED GOT HOT BUT DID NOT TURN OVER IT IS A H
Pools	black water. My pool water started out fairly clean this spring, and with the addition of a few chemicals it was crystal clear.
Pools	pool/spa jet sucking in rather than blowing out. I have an inground swimming pool and spa. Â One of the jets of my spa recently 
Pools	pool cover algae prevention. Hi, thanks for your help. I live in Florida, and I am away from my pool sometimes for a month or m
Pools	Cannot get pool vacum to work.... I have an inground pool which is new to me. Â When I setup the vacum, it starts with strong su
Pools	Cloudy Pool is not clearing up. Hi Deb,   We have an above ground pool (approx. 27 x 48 round)and a DE Filter (1hp pump). Â Our 
Pools	concrete. What is the lowest recommended temperature for pouring concrete  sidewalks? Â Thank you, Melvin
